> Kingdom of the Sphinx
>  by TheTruckerBrony
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The Day of Offering
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

My Dearest Somnambula


       I have joyous news- My pilgrimage to Pandaemonium will soon be at an end. In three days I will be confirmed and after I settle accounts here, we will be voyaging back down the river to my true home, the land of the Sphinx.  I feel so excited at the idea of entering into service of the temple, and finally putting all this learning and training to work.  My time here has been fruitful, and this mysterious city has it's charms, but I look forward to seeing home again.  I've missed my family, my friends, you most of all.  Of course I also miss Jepti, but knowing cats as I do he'd scarcely notice I'd left.  He must has grown in the years I'd been away.

     I must confess this, as it will be easier to do in writing than face to face.  I have failed my final exam to be a priestess.  I was most disappointed, but I can't say it was a surprise.  After all, only one in a thousand qualify to be a Priestess.  Pressing on, I still received the coveted position of temple warden.  While I would have preferred the life of a priestess, but I think the position will suit me well.  

     Of course, this means that I will be able to marry one day and as I'll be making my return around offering day I fear many suitors will be pestering me at the feast.  In truth, no one in court could catch my eye, not a single one.  There is but one, we both know who could possibly capture me, but I dare not write the name.  Perhaps when I attend the feast, I can rekindle this old fire.  I look forward to this most of all.

    Hug Jepti for me, and know that I look forward to seeing you again.  Your friendship has been an inspiration and has been a great comfort through the trying times of my pilgrimage.  I hope I can repay you in some form when we meet again.

With love always,
-Jasmine



         So many ponies know the story, it hardly seems worth telling.  The famine, the Sphinx, the riddle, the daring rescue, that part is no mystery.  However, in a thousand years it seems ponies have forgot the truth behind the myth.  My people lacked a written word that could survive to this day, so ponies of modern times can be forgiven for not remembering the truth of the story.  Trading the ponies who lived, and suffered those trying times for a comforting fairy tale.  

     They speak of me, Somnambula the Pillar of Hope, as if I were a saint.  Parents tell their foals tales of the adventures of courageous Prince Hisan, and many a soldier has entertained themselves by firelight with tales of the great Bomani, the soldier so powerful they called him the ender of worlds. But where are the tales of her?  Her name has been lost like nighttime dew meeting the sun.  I will remember her, and with this document, I hope her legend and what she did for the kingdom will be remembered by all.

      Another thing that I wish to clarify, while we're getting this all in writing; is the relationship we had with the Sphinx.  In my kingdom, the Sphinx was not just an evil crop stealing meanie, she was the patron of the entire kingdom.  While we did have a Pharaoh, far and wide we were known as the "Kingdom of the Sphinx" because it was her who granted us with her blessing on the crops to make them fruitful, and her wisdom to advise our leaders.  The Sphinx was not just powerful physically, she was powerful in magic, well able to keep our kingdom prosperous and safe.  In truth, we loved her for it.  Every merchant, farmer, and craftsman in the kingdom would bring her a portion of their yield as an offering.  We did this once a year, and it was known as the Offering feast.  This day was one of our most joyous days.  Everypony from the lowliest peasant to the Pharaoh himself stands before the Sphinx, and she knew all of us by name.  All our functions, be they courtships, business deals, or matters of war, where decided on this day.  For that was the day we were in the presence of the Sphinx, and had access to her great wisdom.  

      I awoke the morning of the offering day, the same way I often did, with my beloved cat, Jepti walking over my head.  This was the black and white cat's usual way of telling me I'd slept to long for his liking, and he was ready to be fed.   I opened the jar of pickled fish I kept near the bed and poured a portion into Jepti's dish.  Stretching as I stepped out of the bed.  My mother hated that I kept a jar of stinking fish by my bed but Jepti rarely got his fill of mice.  The magic of the Sphinx kept the vermin away so much, I had to resort to feeding my cat.


It was a bit late in the morning, as the night before I'd stayed up late under lamp light, writing a letter to Jasmine, wishing her luck in her new job as temple warden.  Only as Jepti walked across the letter, giving the letter the inky paw prints Jasmine was so used to seeing in letters from me, did I realize, Jasmine would be at the offering feast today, I would see her and could talk to her face to face.  She'd been on her pilgrimage for so many years I started to think of her as just somepony I wrote letters to.  The idea of seeing her in person, feeling her dark coat against my cheek as I held her.  It was going to be a good offering day.

     My modest little mud hut was at the rear of my family's lot, and it was a short flight to the main house, and I needed to pretty myself up for the festival.  I soared up and out of my window,  the hot sun against my back, rows of clay hives stretching out ahead of me With the occasional pony walking among them, doing their rounds.   Another fact lost to time for you: my family where beekeepers, we sold honey, Royal jelly and wax.  It was a good business, the bees did most of the work and only demanded flowers in return for their efforts.  My father liked to joke we had twenty million employees and we paid them in pollen.

"Good morning Skati, Lazos, Et!" I shouted at the servants, tending to the hives.

"Good Morning Sombambula!" Skati shouted, "Will you be seeing the prince today?"

I grinned sideways at the Stallion, "I probably will!" I said as I flew by. "I'll wear my good hat!" 

    I knew what Skati was talking about, but I wasn't about to feed the rumor mill.  Prince Hisan and I had been talking about entering into an official courtship, and the word on the street was that he was going to ask me at the offering feast.  It made sense, Hisan and I had all the same teachers, and spent a lot of time together in court.  My father was not wealthy, but he was well loved by the Pharaoh, I was a good choice.  As I landed in the hall of my parent's estate, my mother made her views on the subject quite vocal.

"Sonambula!  We leave for the offering feast in TWO HOURS! That's not nearly enough time to prepare!  You are being Courted by a PRINCE today!"

I sighed as I landed, my mother with her brilliant golden coat, jeweled headdress and ornate gown, was convinced that if I didn't have every hair in my coat just right I would die a pauper.  Appearance was very, very important to her, which is odd since my father was born blind.  

     My father, Zaan, was short, portly, and his eyes where the color of a stormy sky.  I love my father, but I have to admit he is not a handsome man.  My mother, who could have married any noble in the kingdom for her perfect beauty, chose a pudgy, lovable beekeeper.  My mother broke a lot of hearts doing that, and the only explanation she ever gave was that she fell in love.  My father, who couldn't even grasp the concept of physical beauty could only marry for love.  

"Mom, I have plenty of time."

"It takes three hours in the milk bath to make your coat shine,"

"I'm not taking a milk bath," I said, getting sick just thinking about the smell of all that warm donkey milk.

"Ophet, allow me to take care of our daughter," My father said, setting me down near a vanity in the hall. "And I'll speak to her on these matters, you go finish getting ready."

Mom smiled and nodded, "Of course my love," She said, two servants taking her back into the house's spa.

     My father sat me down in front of the copper mirror, and pulled out the wooden makeup case.  I know it's weird, a pony blind from birth doing my eye makeup, but my father had done my makeup since I was a foal.  He did it by feel only, and never once was there a single mistake.  

"Dad, it makes no sense, Mom spends hours getting ready for every event, it seems so tiresome."

"Beauty is very important to her." Dad said, blackening the area around my eyes. "She does it for me."

"Why? You can't see it,"

My father smiled, "I can feel the softness of her coat.  Smell her perfume." He said. "And all this trouble is her way of telling me she loves me.  Even if I cannot see it I know."

There was a bit of silence and he combed my mane.  Mom likely wanted him to talk to me about the Prince.

"So, you should know Prince Hisan came to me recently, and asked if it was okay if he courted you."

I giggled, "I hope that's okay with you, I mean if the Prince isn't good enough for you then who is?"

My father smiled, "Oh, I said yes.  He would make you a good husband, if you chose him."

"Daddy, it's just a courtship,"

"I know, but a father can dream can't he?" He said, slipping on my headdress. "To me Somambula, you've always been a princess.  It would be nice to have that made official."

"You talk like I won't marry Prince Hisan," I explained.

Father brushed my tail, "Well, I hear Jasmine is back in town, and will be at the festival." he said slyly. "Won't it be nice to see her again?"

I blushed so brightly I think Dad could see it. "It will," I said.

"My daughter, such a big heart." Father said, brushing down my coat. "You have so much love, for me, for mother, for the prince, for all the Kingdom.  If you marry Hisan, I will be happy.  If you marry another, I will be happy."

"I think I sense a 'but' on the way." I said with a giggle.

"But-" My father confirmed. "It is good for the daughter of a noble to be in a courtship when she reaches your age.  And even if Hisan had no noble title, he's a good man.  It is your decision, Somnambula.  Just keep in mind that you don't have to marry him, a courtship is just a way for two ponies to get to know each other."

"Yes," I agreed. "But I already know Hisan."

"Not as well as you could learn from a courtship." Dad said, slipping on my linen dress. "There we are, now if Prince Hisan wishes to court you, he will have to wait in line behind every Batchelor in the kingdom."

I giggled and hugged my father, "Thanks Daddy." I said. 

"Well, let us gather the offering." Daddy said, "The Sphinx awaits."



----*----


     I would learn later that Prince Hisan had chose that morning to clear his head with a little combat training. Now, when you think Combat training you might think a few exercises, and a few sword drills, but keep in mind that Prince Hisan's bodyguard, general and combat trainer was Bomani.  Growing up with Bomani, I knew him as the kid that used to sit behind me in temple, he thought the funniest thing in the world was to wait for a quiet moment in the prayers and fart as loud as he could.  However where I chose to follow my father, and Jasmine chose to go into religion, he chose battle.  And even at his young age, Bomani was known as one of the most talented fighters in the kingdom.  He got that way through hellish training, and one of his jobs was to teach Hisan to fight like him.  That was a brutal process, since combat was a brutal thing.  

"Are you Comfortable, Prince?" Bomani taunted as he stood on a raised platform at the head of the gymnasium where the Azure stallion lounged on a satin cushion while drinking his morning beer.

      At the Moment, Prince Hisan was anything but comfortable.  He stood on four wooden stools, with a block of granite on his back.  In his teeth was a great chain, where hung a ball of heavy stone.  Four soldiers with Bamboo staves stood around him, archers at the boundaries of the large room.

"I could use a little more weight," Hisan joked, muffled by the chain in his mouth. 

"Royalty is so hard to satisfy," Bomani lamented as he lifted his bowl to get a swig of the thick beer before standing and flying down to where Prince Hisan stood.

      Bomani wasn't tall, he was just a touch smaller than Hisan.  He wasn't muscular as you'd think a warrior should be, and he had no scars.  While even at that age, he'd survived dozens of battles, and had that smooth coat of his stained with blood before. . .none of it his.  I remember him being a dashing stallion, and he had a sweet smile, deceptive for a pony who had killed as often as he did. 

"Begin!" Bomani shouted.

    The four ponies began to swing their bamboo staves, striking Prince Hisan in the ribs, the legs, the sides of the neck.  Not hard enough to leave a bruise, but hard enough that he felt it.  Hisan stood strong, not shaking, not even blinking, just taking the pain.

"You are a prince, but you are a warrior." He roared, "Warriors do not feel the enemy's blows,"

     Bomani motioning to the archers, and they raised their bows, firing blunt-tipped arrows a the prince, striking him in the chest.  Still, the Prince did not react, standing as still as a statue.

"His arrows will not pierce you! His spears will not stab you!" Bomani roared, "HIs poisons will not affect you!"

       The general motioned to another pony, who had a bowl of chilies in oil, that he took into his mouth, chewed and spat upon the prince.  The searing oil spraying into his eyes, making them red and irritated.

Bomani reared back and kicked Prince Hisan in the chest, "You are unshakable, unbeatable, INVINCIBLE!" He shouted, "Now, Defeat your enemy! Ignore the Obstacles!  Ignore the pain!  Defeat the enemy!"

     Prince Hisan roared, bending down and pushing his wings upwards, throwing the marble block across the room at the archers, who Dropped their bows and got out of the way.  Instead of dropping the rock in his mouth he swung it over his head like a gigantic flail knocking over all four of the ponies with staves.  He picked up one of the bamboo rods and grinned at Bomani.

"Good work, My prince," Bomani said, picking up one of the staves, "But now it's down to you, and down to me," 

Prince Hisan twirled the bamboo rod as the two circled, "You have to weigh me down with rocks and cloud my eyes with poison before fighting me? Are you that afraid of losing to me?"

"Your Majesty, I count sixty seven times we have fought, and each time I've won." Bomani said, "What sense would it make if you were a better fighter than your own bodyguard?"

"Make the first move then, Ender of Worlds," Prince Hisan taunted, "You won't get sixty eight,"

"Far be it from me to attack royalty," Bomani said with a bow, "You make the first move, I insist."

"NEITHER of you go first!" The Commanding voice of the Pharaoh shouted.

Bomani's eyes grew wide and he bowed. 

"The Sphinx will be here soon, Hisan and you would greet her covered in sweat and," The Pharaoh bent forward to smell his son, "Is that Chili powder?"

"Part of his training my liege," Bomani said, 

"Shut up, general." The Pharaoh said, "Go get ready for the feast, if you show up looking like that your mother will kill you."

"Of course," Bomani said bowing and running off.

"The rest of you get out of here," The Pharaoh said, "See the healer if you need it."  

Soon the room was clear, and Hisan was along with his father.

"Father, I thought it would be nice to, get my mind of things." 

"I understand, My son." The Pharaoh said. "I heard you visited the beekeeper,"

"Yes, father."

The Pharaoh nodded. "Somnambula then, she is a lovely mare."

"Yes, and a good friend." 

"Well, I would ask the Sphinx about her blessing." The Pharaoh said. "Or, of Military matters.  I just received word from Aten, to the south."

"Word From Panampen?" Hisan Asked. "Has the unrest been settled?"

"In a manner of speaking." The Pharaoh said, a touch of sorrow in his voice. "All Pegasi have been ejected from the city by the Baratas, there was little violence, but they made clear that if our tried to stay there would be more."

"But, that's our primary source of Bronze!" Hisan said, "And we have an agreement with the Baratas that run the city, your people have always lived in peace there,"

"Yes, my son it seems that has changed." The Pharaoh stated."The leader of the Ghurkas, Zion has conquered many Baratas, beheading tribal leaders and adding their number to his army.  He may be trouble."

"We should ask the Sphinx," Hisan said. "I will tell her of this man, and-"

"My son, you will ask her about Somnambula, and your future with her." The Pharaoh interrupted. "I will bother her with political matters.  I will send Diplomats to Panampen, perhaps this. . .Zion character can be reasoned with.  If not, an army will follow and Bomani can MAKE him reasonable."

"He can be quite convincing," Hisan agreed. "I will worry about my courtship."

"My son, Somnambula would make you a good wife, but I did not think you looked upon her with romantic intentions,"

"Well, I'm not sure I do." Hisan admitted. "But she's attractive, smart, she makes me laugh,"

"But you speak of her like you speak of a childhood friend, not a potential wife."

"Somnambula Is a childhood friend," Hisan said with a laugh, "And I figure I've never courted anypony, I will likely court many before I marry, why not start with sompony I'm comfortable with? Somepony I respect?"

The Pharaoh laughed, "Well if you respect her, go get a bath." He said. "You smell like a spicy pasta right now,"

"Somnambula loves pasta,"  

"Son, take a bath and put on your makeup."

"Of course father," 

-;;-

    The plaza, it didn't survive.  The temples, the pyramids, they survived.  I've been back there, to the town they named after me, where the Plaza used to be and it's all but gone.  Imagine a road, made of tiles of pure blue turquoise that stretched from the palace to the temple, covered in archways of white granite.  In the center of the grand plaza, was the square, where the offering feast was held, the pedestal where the Sphinx would sit and the large fountain where she would drink.   

     IN the thousand years since that day, the precious turquoise was picked clean, the arch was topped, the fountain dry, the pedestal worn down, but I remember it all.  I remember when I saw Jasmine again, most of all.  I've done a fairly limited job of explaining it before, but Jasmine and I had a bit of romance when we were teenagers.  Priestesses had to be virgins, so we didn't go all the way, but there was a romantic fall we spent making promises we could never keep.  Promises of marriage, growing old together and all that.  Even as we said those things, we knew it was silly.  It was what teenagers who knew nothing of the world said, of course we'd never be together forever.  When Jasmine left on her pilgrimage years ago, we promised to put those things behind us and go on as friends.  Yet another promise we didn't keep.  Now, I didn't even process that Jasmine was a temple warden now.  It never even struck me that her time as a celibate, unapproachable priestess was over.  Not until I saw her again.

     The festival had already begun, wagon loads of offerings from all over the kingdom where being lined up in front of the Sphinx's podium.  When that massive purple bird-kitty finally made her appearance she landed gracefully to the sound of flutes and drums.  The Pharaoh officially gave her the offering, and the feast began.  My family were minor nobles, not the richest or the most powerful, but my father and the Pharaoh where friends from way back so we sat at the table with him.  I was sitting between Prince Hisan, and Bomani, enjoying date bread, fried fish, and piles of fruit.  I was just filling up a second plate of pasta, when I saw Jasmine again.

     She was bowing to the Sphinx, sharing words with her as the great sphinx drank wine from a barrel between her paws.  I didn't know what they were saying, the Sphinx was a big creature but spoke softly when receiving a blessing.  I remembered Jasmine's dark brown coat, her golden mane and tail, the smooth curve of her back and swell of her flanks.  Usually, this was covered by the gauzy robes of the temple but today she wore only her khat and medallion of service.  She was so achingly beautiful that the entire feast around me grew as silent as a tomb, those voices so distant I saw and heard only her.  I must have gasped when her soft eyes, the color of lapis lazuli met mine.  I could hear Bomani snicker knowingly.  Jasmine's face was filled with joy at seeing me again, and my heart started pounding as she approached.  

"Wow," Bomani said, giving voice to my vacant stare.  "Somnambula you're looking at her like I look at fresh beer," 

"How can anyone not notice Jasmine?" Prince Hisan said, peeling an orange. "I think half our class was in love with her at one time or another."

     I tried to join the conversation but I was dumbfounded, I leaned my cheek on a hoof and must have been smiling like an idiot Because the boys laughed.

"My dear Somnambula, has Jasmine cast a spell on you?" Bomani asked.

"I think she has," Hisan laughed, "She must have learned some magic while she was in pandemonium."

     I ignored their chortling, Jasmine and I locking eyes as she approached and sat, not leering, not staring, just unable to break each other's gaze. Then, in the velvety soft voice I had missed for years spoke.

"Hello again, Somnambula." She greeted. 

"Hi," I said in return.

"How was Pandemonium?" Bomani asked without greeting, as he often did.

"It was an amazing experience Bomani, but I'm glad to be home." Jasmine said, taking a serving of dried fish onto her plate. 

"I'm glad you're home to," I said with a giggle. "So you're not on duty tonight?"

"No, the honor of standing before the Sphinx is only for the experienced of the wardens." Jasmine said with a grin.

"Hold on, all the priestesses should be saying Prayers," Hisan said, suspicious.

Jasmine turned her eyes down, "I. . .I am sorry I didn't tell you in my letters Hisan," Jasmine said. "I knew it would be better to tell you in person, but I was not chosen to be a priestess."

Hisan's face twisted in anger, "Outrage!" He said, slamming a hoof to the table, "How dare they reject you!  You read cuneiform, you know all the prayers, you have remained true and virtuous your entire life!"

"Please Hisan, be calm!" Jasmine said in her soft voice,

"I'll ruin that High Priest!" Hisan declared, "When I'm done with him he'll be scrubbing privies!"

"Hisan, please." Jasmine said, laying a hoof on Hisan's gently, "I . . .respect the decision of the High Priest, please be calm."

     Hisan glanced around to see the entire table was staring at him, with with a blush sat down, waving a hoof as the assorted nobles around us went back to their meals.  

"I'm sorry," Hisan said, "I just know how much being a priestess meant to you, and I offer you no flattery in saying that you deserved it."

Jasmine smiled shyly, "Thank you Prince Hisan." She said. "But I take no shame in being appointed a warden. It is a fine position."

"Warden. . .it's a templed defender right?" Bomani said, upturning a bowl of beer.

"Yes, we also follow armies and provide spiritual guidance, maintain temple grounds," Jasmine said, "We do a lot of jobs." 

"Temple Wardens can marry, have lovers," Bomani Observed, "Suitors must be bugging you,"

Jasmine giggled, "A few, so far." She admitted. "Do you intend to quest for my affections as well?" 

Bomani laughed, and sneered at that. "I'm in no mood for a broken heart," He said holding a hoof over his heart. "But know you always be in my dreams,"

"And there is the only place you will have me," Jasmine said so sweetly it could almost be called flirting.

Bomani turned to Hisan with raised eyebrows, feigning hurt. "You see my friend, she hasn't changed.  She continues to tease me,"  

"Poor boy," I said with mock pity.

"Jasmine, you keep this up and Bomani will never marry you," Hisan joked.

"A fate to cruel to contemplate," Jasmine replied.

A Soldier approached behind me, politely bowing. "Miss Somnambula , the Sphinx will hear you now."

      I nodded, and walked from the table.  As I left, Bomani looked upon Hisan, nudging him. The Prince shrugged, honestly not knowing what Bomani was implying.

"Hisan, you gonna ask her or what?" Bombi prompted.

"Please, entering a formal courtship is no small thing.  I don't want to ask her with my mouth half full of food," 

Jasmine looked curiously at Prince Hisan, "You're going to court Somnambula?" She asked.

"Yes, well, you know how my father is." Hisan said. "He thinks if I don't enter into a formal courtship soon ponies will brand my a womanizer."

"Oh I see," Jasmine said, seeming disappointed about something. "Well, she will be a good wife."

Hisan chuckled, "Jasmine it's just a courtship.  It's politics, that's all.  You know I care greatly about Somnambula, so it'll be a lot of fun to court her.  That's all."

"I. . .never understood politics." Jasmine said, "The world of romance has been closed to me for so long,"

"Courtship is just formally spending time with a pony, that's all." Bomani explained. "It's all pretty casual, some ponies even have other lovers."

"Really?" Jasmine asked, eyes wide.

"There's no rule against it," Hisan realized, "I figure I'll likely court a few mares before I finally settle down, I might as well start with a friend."

"I see," Jasmine said with a grin. "Well, I'm sure it'll be fun."

"No, the Chaperones make sure there isn't too much fun," Bomani laughed, 

"You're awful," Jasmine giggled.

"You love it," Bomini said raising his beer.

     Across the square, I was speaking to the Sphinx.  I stood on a platform before her pedestal, giving her a regal bow as I crested the platform.  The Sphinx giving a shallow nod of her massive head as she grabbed paws full of grapes. The harvests where good at the vineyards, as they always where.  As our patron, the Sphinx used her magic to raise the river, irrigate our crops, made them big and strong.  We had such a surplus of goods, no pony in the kingdom was hungry, and there were few that could be called poor.  Our Kingdom was strong and powerful, and very rich because of her.  Our offerings where the least we could do to thank her.

"Somnambula," The Sphinx greeted in her husky voice. "You are looking well."

"Thank you great Sphinx, my family offers you 30 jars of honey, one of Royal jelly and candles of beeswax."

"That's more than last year," The Sphinx observed, 

"The harvest has been fruitful, the bees do most of the work," I joked.

The Sphinx smiled, bearing her sharp teeth, each the size of a sword. "Still, your offerings are accepted gratefully.  What do you ask in return?"

"Your blessings on our hives." I asked. "And, maybe leave a few mice for Jepti,"

"Fer be it from me to deny a fellow feline his prey, It is done." The Sphinx said, raising an eyebrow. "Do have any more to ask of me? You seem to be wrestling with something."

     The Sphinx was really perceptive, I don't know what about me clued her to what was going on in my head but she could see it.

"Well great Sphinx, I am to be courted by Prince Hisan,"

"Oh, a handsome, rich, prince is to romance you," The Sphinx joked, "That must be very troubling,"

I giggled, "Well, I do love him, he's like a brother to me." I admitted, "I'm excited about this courtship, it will be good for my family."

"Then what vexes you?"

There was no point in trying to hide anything from the Sphinx, so I just said it.

"I am in love with another." I said. "I have been for a very long time, but I never thought I could be with her,"

"And now, Jasmine is no longer a priestess," The Sphinx said with her knowing smile. "Her innocence is no longer to be maintained, she is not celibate."

I blushed, "It's that obvious, huh?"

"Your feelings for her have been apparent for many years, my subject." The Sphinx said. 

"What do I do?" 

The Sphinx rubbed her chin with one of her massive paws, contemplating. "I see one path for you Somnambula, and your love has chosen it.  You will court Hisan, this is a good thing, but do not cease to follow your heart.  If Hisan truly cares for you, and he does; he will want you to be happy and understand should you wish to be with another."

For some reason, that made sense.  So I bowed, "Thank you for your blessings, And your wisdom great Sphinx."

"I will see you next year, Somnambula."  The Sphinx said with a smile, drawing our meeting to a close.  


----*----


      After the feast, offering day celebrations usually break off into mini-celebrations at ponie's homes.  My father and mother would be heading to the Palace to break bread with the Pharaoh and the other nobles where they would be entertained by poetry, music and wrestling matches in a dignified celebration.  Bomani, Hisan, Jasmine and I all headed back to Prince Hisan's private rooms, where we would have a less dignified celebration.  Let's not split hairs, we were getting drunk.  Hisan popped the top on a cast of malt beer, and we did our best to drain it dry.  

     Musicians came to us, and the more glasses I emptied the more strange the flutes and drums sounded.  Bomani at one point, did his best to dance, and dragged Jasmine up with him, the two drunkenly swaying.

"It's. . .so nice to have Jasmine back." Hisan said.

"Yeah," I said, laying on one of Hisan's silk pillows. 

Hisan cast me a look. "Is it just me, or did you two used to have a bit of a . . .thing?" 

"A thing? Whoever said there was a thing?" I spoke, feigning ignorance "I mean, a little but she was a priestess in training so. . .no fun stuff."

Hisan chuckled and upturned his mug, "She's not one anymore," he said. 

I laughed and hugged Hisan, "I don't think she's drunk enough yet," 

"Not for Bomani," Hisan joked, "I think you could close the deal," 

"Stop it," I said, hiding my face under Hisan's wing.

"You want me to draw the curtain for you two?" Hisan said, nudging me with a hoof. "I promise I won't peek,"

"You get naughty when you drink," I said.

"Yes, it's one of my most redeeming features." Hisan joked, draining his glass and stumbling to the barrel to refill it.

"My Prince," Bomani said, stumbling over to Hisan, "Look, it's getting late.  Unicorns have the moon up, you gonna ask her or what?"

Hisan dipped his mug into the malt beer, sipping it. "What, right now?" 

Jasmine giggled and plopped down next to me, snuggling against my neck. "Somnambula, I think the Prince has something to ask you,"

"Really?" I said, stroking Jasmine's soft mane. 

Jasmine nodded as she took a long drink. 

"Okay, okay." Hisan said, pulling up a chair and plopping down into it, spilling half of his refilled mug. "Somnambula, we talked about this a few times. You know, a Formal courtship? How about it?"

Jasmine and I laughed,

"What?" Hisan said.

"That wasn't very romantic," I said to Jasmine. 

"No it wasn't," She agreed.

Bomani shoved Hisan with a hoof, "Come on, this is a big moment!  You gotta be-" He interrupted himself with a pretty impressive belch, "Romantic," 

"What? Like. . .sing or something?"

"No, but don't suitors quote poetry?" I asked.

Jasmine nodded, before getting dizzy and plopping her head back on my shoulder, "Yeah, I don't think she'll say yes until you quote some poetry."

Bomani sat on the floor next to Hisan's chair, "I know some poetry," He offered. "None suitable for ladies," 

"No no Bomani, I got this." Hisan said, standing and swaying as he walked to me. "I know a poem."

"Lay it on me, Handsome." I said, batting my eyelashes and leaning close to him.

Hisan laughed, held my hooves, and recited, "There once was a Preist Named Narou, who liked to drink on the go.  He once took to flight, on a Warm desert night, and where he landed nopony knows." 

     Bomani and Jasmine Clapped their hooves and whooped.  I leaned forward and gave Hisan a quick kiss on his lips.  

"Okay, I Formally accept." I said cheerfully.

     Hisan blushed, a little surprised at the kiss but stood and spun, As the musicians played.

"Let it be known throughout the Kingdom!" Hisan slurred, as he stumbled backwards into a table, falling on the ground and scattering plates and jars everywhere, "Sombaula and I are formally courting!" He said from the ground.

"Joyous day!" Jasmine Shouted as she laughed, harder than I'd ever heard her laugh. 

Bomani bent to help up the Prince, "Prince, as your bodyguard, I'm officially cutting you off."

"That's fair," Hisan said as Bomani helped him into his chair. 

A solder chose that moment to stand in the doorway, "General Bomani, the Sphinx will see you now." 

"Is she still here?" Bomani asked.

"Yes Sir, you will be her last audience," 

Bomani threw a pitcher of water into his face to try and regain his senses. "Well, if you'll excuse me my prince,"

"I'll be fine," Prince Hisan said.

"Ladies, remember, that he's cut off," Bomani said as he walked toward the door.

Jasmine and I replied with mock salutes, and chorused "Yes Sir!" 


      In the courtyard, Bomani bowed before the Sphinx under the moonlight.

"Great Sphinx, My family offers ten Ingots of Copper, and I pledge my sword." Bomani said.

"General, are you drunk?" The Sphinx Asked.

"Only a little," 

The Sphinx laughed, "Perhaps one on these years I'll see you before you open a barrel."

"I'm much more charming sober," 

"How is it possible to be more charming than you are now?" The Sphinx joked, "What do you ask of me, in return for your offering?"

"Your blessing on my family's mines, and some advice in military matters."

"You will have my blessings as always, and my counsel." The Sphinx said. "The Pharaoh has informed me of what happened in Panampen.  The Baratas have rejected you, in spite of their treaties."

"Yes, Great Sphinx." Bomani said. "I'm worried, that it could be a precursor to another invasion."

"I agree, this new leader, Zion is a dangerous character who has his eyes on this kingdom and it's land." The Sphinx said. "The answer is clear, General.  The Baratas must be taught that defying the Pharaoh is unacceptable.  Raise an army, and destroy them, as you did with the Hyksos before."

Bomani's eyes grew wide, "Great Sphinx, the Baratas are our allies, this Zion character has beheaded his own leaders, I believe he's the instrument of this chaos and if he is defeated the Baratas will be our ally again."

"General, I've made myself clear.  I want the Baratas to be conquered, I want their cities razed and their will broken."

"I beg your forgiveness, Great Sphinx but I think this can be handled without such violence."

"I told you to do this to the Last invaders, and you destroyed the Hyksos, and shed no tears for them."

Bomani was silent for a moment. "I did as you asked with the Hyksos, and it did indeed bring peace to this land." He said silently, "But I promise you, I shed tears for every life I ended.  I see them every time I close my eyes."

The Sphinx looked sad, and placed her gigantic paw on the side of Bomani's face, comforting him. "Bomani, my child, I would never want a warrior in my service who takes joy in violence." She said. "But what matters is whether or not you are willing to do it." 

"I . . .understand." Bomani said.

"I hope you do."

----*----



     I said goodbye and goodnight to Bomani who seemed a little melancholy, which I didn't understand that night.  Jasmine asked to walk me home, and she did.  It was very late when we managed to stumble back to my hut.  We stood in the doorway, for a long moment under that moonlight that reflected off Jasmine's coat in such an amazing way.  The Sphinx's advice was still on my mind, to follow my heart.  I wasn't sure what that meant, but I knew at that moment I wasn't ready to say goodnight to Jasmine.  I invited her inside, and we layed together on my bed, Jasmine resting her head on my neck.  

"Somnambula," She breathed, touching my neck gently with a hoof. "I have to confess something."

I held her hoof and kissed it playfully, "What is it?" 

"The reason why I was not made a Priestess," Jasmine said. "It's important you know,"

"You don't have to,"

"No, I want to tell you." Jasmine said.

"Okay," 

"At some point, the high priestess asked me if there was anything I loved more than the Gods I would be serving." Jasmine said, tenderly snuggling close to me. "I could not lie, I had to tell them that for so long my heart belonged to someone."

     I looked into Jasmine's eyes again, and she leaned forward kissing me tenderly on the lips.  I was a little surprised at first, but it felt right.  As we parted, Jasmine smiled broadly.

"It was you," She admitted. "It was you I loved."

"But, wasn't being a Priestess your dream?" 

"My dream, was a dream I could not speak of until I was free of being a priestess," Jasmine explained, "All those years, being able to feel you near me, and never being able to touch you.  Sharing those letters with you all that time without telling you how much I desired you."

"I've loved you, for so long," I admitted, kissing Jasmine again tenderly. 

    We held each other tight,  passionately kissing and I felt myself grow warm, my breath shortening, her hoof wandering along my back.

"Jasmine, I know. . .this is your first time, are you sure?" I asked breathily. 

"I am," Jasmine said, kissing my neck. "I've wanted you longer than you know."

     It's been a thousand years since Jasmine and I made love for the first time, but I remember every single moment of that night.  Every touch, every embrace, every sound.  I still feel her touch when I close my eyes at night.  Perhaps when this story is printed, more ponies will remember Jasmine.  The details of that night however, will all those new sensations, belong to me and Jasmine only.
> Road to Panampen
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is an old saying in the kingdom that went "What love is taken at night is all the sweeter in the morning".  It's actually a saying about how wonderful it is to wake up next to someone you love.  Though to young people like Jasmine and I, it meant doing it in the morning was a lot of fun.  Jepti woke me up, and after I fed him, Jasmine . . .quite aggressively, took me again.  Seemed she liked what she had the night before. 

"You're good at this," I giggled as we held each other in the afterglow. "Are you sure I'm your first?" 

Jasmine nuzzled my neck, the hairs on her ears ticking my nose, "Quite sure," She admitted, "You are just an exceptional teacher."

"I've gotta check the hives in the north field," I said. "Some of them might be ready to split."

"Yeah, and I'm expected back at the Temple." Jasmine said.

I let out a long breath, "Jasmine, what do we do about this?" I asked, "I mean, I'm courting Prince Hisan, you have your temple duty. . .with the way things are going in Panampen we might be dealing with another invasion soon, and we'll have to-"

Jasmine silenced me with a tender kiss. "I'll tell you what we're going to do," She said with confidence. "You are going to check the hives in the north field, and I'm going to go to the temple to do my duties. We don't need a plan for the rest of our life, as long as we know what today brings."

     I smiled, and felt my anxiety melt away, and the two of us shared one more kiss Before hopping out of bed and getting ready for the day.  Outside my little mud hut, just as Jasmine reached up a hoof to pet Jepti, she stumbled.  Something about that stumble wasn't right, Jasmine was usually very graceful, light on her hooves.  She didn't walk, she glided from one place to another like she was made of mist. . .now for no reason at all she was teetering, a distant look in her eyes. . . Something was very wrong.

     I darted forward and caught her, calling her name, and she weakly said mine.  

"Skati!  Et!" I called out, "Get the chariot!  Something is wrong with Jasmine!" 

"Yes Somnambula!" Et said running off. 

"Jasmine, what's wrong?" I asked.

"I feel, weak." Jasmine said tiredly, "It just came on suddenly,"

     Et and Skati pulled around the chariot, and within a few moments we were in town, pulling up outside Hotep's humble home.  Hotep was our family' trusted healer, a pony who had studied all over the kingdom.  As soon as we arrived the elderly Pegasus helped me carry Jasmine to a sitting couch at the rear of his house and without a word gave her some kind of broth.  Hotep was an older, bespectacled pony, who throughout my entire youth seemed to be the same age.  Whenever anyone was sick or hurt, he never hesitated to help.  He was purely an academic, not like the trained doctors of modern times, but he knew what he was doing.  I trusted him more than anyone else.

"I'm sorry to barge in," I said as Hotep inspected Jasmine's hooves. 

"No worries, my dear Somnambula, my doors will always be opened to the sick." Hotep said, dampening a cloth and setting it on Jasmine's forehead. "Now, let me guess; the young filly here collapsed, experienced a dizzy spell?"

"Yes," Jasmine said. "I just suddenly felt . . .so weak."

"Where you involved in some kind of rigorous physical activity?"

I looked to the ground, blushing deeply.

"Well, I'll take that look as a yes," Hotep said with a grin as he walked to his shelf of potions and tinctures,  "Now, young filly, what was your name?"

"Jasmine," 

Hotep looked at me with a grin as he pulled down a clay bottle from the shelf, "So you're the Jasmine, Somnambula is always talking about, you are as lovely as she says."

Jasmine smiled at me, "Such a flatterer," she said. 

"Now, Jasmine you have a somewhat common ailment, known as a weakness of blood." Hotep Explained as he upturned the jar into Jasmine's mouth. "It's a misbalance of humors that results from exposure to large amounts of smoke or volcanic gasses."

"Pandemonium has volcanos," I offered. "And she was there for a few years,"

"Ahh, that would explain it." Hotep said, "It's a good thing you caught this, with weak blood your body will not be able to fight off sickness or infection."

I held my hooves to my mouth, "Oh no!  Is Jasmine going to be okay?"

"Oh course, like I said this is a common condition and it's quite treatable." Hotep explained. "Jasmine, if you keep a diet heavy in leafy greens, and take this potion every few days you'll be just fine.  Many ponies live long and happy lives with Blood weakness as long as they take care of themselves." 

Jasmine accepted the bottle, "Thank you Doctor, I'm feeling better for having drank it."

"Just try to take it easy today." Hotep said, 

I handed to few coins to Hotep, "Thank you, Hotep."

I helped Jasmine out of the doctor's home, she was still a bit shaky on her Hooves.

"Well, I have to get to the temple to do my duties, Somnambula," Jasmine said, "Thank you so much for helping me,"

"Jasmine, you have to rest!  You're sick! You heard what Hotep said,"

"Yes I did my love," Jasmine said with calm, "He said I had a very treatable condition and that I would be fine if I take care of myself.  I can rest at the temple during the prayers."

"But I'm worried about you,"

Jasmine kissed me again, and I felt my worries melt away. "Don't be," She said softy, "There was a problem, and we solved it.  I'll have to cut back on the sweets, and take some medicine, not a big deal.  Somnambula, you need to learn to rest and enjoy life."

I smiled, "Of course," I said.

"Never lose hope," Jasmine breathed, "Bad times will pass, no matter how bad they get."

----*----

Jasmine would tell me about when Bomani came to pray.  This early in the day there was almost nopony in the temple but the Priestesses and wardens.  The Priestesses were preparing for the afternoon service, and Jasmine and the rest of the wardens were cleaning the gleaming marble floors.  Bomani bowed to the statue of Montu, the God of war with a face like a falcon.  He set a cold coin at the base of the statue, and bowed.  Bomani rarely knew what to say when praying, especially when he was vexed as he was that day.  

"Seeking guidance, Bomani?" Jasmine asked quietly.

Bomani smiled his charming smile, "Just visiting Montu," He explained. "He gets worried if I don't check in."

Jasmine looked at Bomani with her soft eyes, "My Friend, I can tell something is wrong, do you need to see a priestess?"

Bomani shook his head, "I don't really get along with the Priestesses, can.. . I discuss it with you?" He whispered.

"Of course," Jasmine said, standing up, "Follow me to the garden."

     The two walked into the courtyard, where rows of bright flowers grew next to pools of water and the Statue of Sobek looked over the canal that led to the sacred River.  As their eyes adjusted to the sun, they two where silent.

"Jasmine, when I spoke to the Sphinx. . . She said something that was most unlike her," 

"I've only known the Sphinx to be who she is, nothing more." Jasmine observed, "what did she say that troubled you?"

Bomani bent to smell a flower, "I. . .asked her what to do about Panampen." He said, sorrowfully. "She said. . .to punish the Baratas, to burn their cities, break their will.  As I did with the Hyksos."

Jasmine's look of concern grew, "But, the Baratas are our allies, things have been a little strained lately with the Zealot Zion rising to power, but this. . ."

"I know," Bomani said. "It makes no sense, this Zion is a dangerous dictator and everything the Sphinx has taught me in the past tells me that I should be liberating the Baratas from him, not punishing them for falling under his rule."

"But the Sphinx, has said over wise? You're sure?"

Bomani hung his head, "She was quite clear." He said. "Jasmine, I can't do this." 

"Bomani, you must do the sad business, as a warrior should," Jasmine said, "It is not to us to question the Sphinx, Bomani." 

"I know, Jasmine but . . .you weren't there." Bomani said, head lowered in sorrow. "The Hyksos attacked us, killed innocents, and they where assembling to do it again.  We flew in, burning their fields so they could no feed their armies.  We went into their houses, cut the throats of their Generals and Leaders in their beds.  I heard their wives scream as we flew away, waking up to their husbands dead in their bed beside them."

     Bomani's breath caught at the memory, tears in his eyes.

"With their leaders dead, the people panicked and there were riots, thousands died, then with the famines even more starved.   That's why they call me the Ender of worlds." He admitted, "Because when I came, the world of the Hyksos ended.  I carry every last life that was lost, I may have saved the kingdom that day but I ended another.  I could never do it again, especially to those who don't deserve it."

Jasmine held her friend, though Bomani did not weep.  It seemed his tears had run dry years ago.

"Bomani, I'm sorry," Jasmine said, "I don't know why the Sphinx would say such a thing."

"I know we must do as she says, but it goes against all she's taught me."

"Bomani, what has the Sphinx taught you?  About war?"

"To be honorable, to be merciful, to only attack to protect the innocent, to crave peace and not war, to love instead of hate.  Only to attack in defense of my kingdom, and to seek to make friends instead of enemies."

"And what she has told you to the Baratas flies in the face of all that." Jasmine said softly, "Perhaps, for years she's taught you to be temperate, and only once has she told you to be merciless.  Perhaps following her will is to defy this order.  What would you have done to fix this situation if the Sphinx did not intervene?"

"I would gather a party, and go to Panampen to deal with Zion." Bomani considered, "If he was unwilling to listen to reason. . .I would kill him and free those he oppressed."

Jasmine nodded, "That's a good plan," She said. "It follows all the Sphinx has taught you."

Bomani smiled, "I suppose. . .I WOULD be following the teaching of the Sphinx if I did it that way." He said. 

"Bomani, I cannot advise you to defy the orders of the Sphinx," Jasmine said, "But it is also against my teaching to tell a pony to defy what is in their heart.  Only you can decide Bomani, but I trust you to make the right decision, and I will stand with you whatever you decide."

"Thank you Jasmine," Bomani said, wiping away a tear that was beginning to streak his eye makeup. "I know what I must do."

----*----

Courtship with Prince Hisan was unlike our friendship before.  Over the next few days Hisan and I attended a few feasts, court meetings, and a wrestling match with me a his date and not just his friend.  First of all, we where always under the watchful eye of the royal Chaperones, Either Bomani or one of Hisan's other guards.  The idea was to keep our relationship "Respectful" in the eyes of the nobles.  The effect was I always felt like I was being watched, as if I was going to start making love to Hisan in front of the entire court or something.  I knew I was supposed to be getting to know Hisan but in truth we didn't even talk all that much.  We greeted Nobles, rich merchants and a few foreign dignitaries as a couple, but rarely shared words.  My relationship with Jasmine was the exact opposite.  We weren't really meeting in secret, but being that my courtship was quite public, we thought it prudent not to be seen as a couple to the eyes of the public.  My love for her grew, and I wanted everypony in the kingdom to know, but aside from a few rumors nopony did.  Hisan seemed to know, giving me a sly grin and a raised eyebrow when I mentioned I'd be meeting Jasmine later.  It was Ironic, the one pony who should be offended by Jasmine and I being Lovers, seemed fine with it.  However, if the other nobles learned about what was going on, it would be a scandal.

     There was a day when I was tending to the hives as I often did in the afternoons Prince Hisan came to my land in his chariot.  My father trotted over to greet him.

"Prince Hisan," My father said with a polite bow. "How does this day find you?" 

Hisan looked curiously at my father, "Just fine Lord Zaan, how is it you always seem to recognize me?"

"You use pine nut oil to condition your beard, yes?" Me father said, "And your chariot clanks, no one else in the kingdom has a chariot plated in gold."

"You never cease to amaze me Lord Zaan," Prince Hisan said. "Is Sombambula about? I was hoping her and I could have a picnic."

"She's splitting hives but should be just about finished." My father, said, turning to shout to me. "Somnambula! The prince is here!" 

I flew over, and saw Hisan smile up at me.  I landed in the chariot next to him.

"So, where we going?" I said with a broad smile. "Another ball? A dance?"

Hisan held up a weaved basket, "Picnic, by the river?" 

"Just the two of us?" 

"Apedi and Sedeh will chaperone," Hisan said, motioning to the ponies pulling his chariot. "But aside from that. . .just you and me."

      I never got to know Apedi and Sedeh very well, they were part of Bomani's warrior elite and two of Hisan's most trusted guards.  Apedi was a scout, who I learned could speak with animals.  His pet hawk Atanen flew high over the enemy and could report back to him.  Sedeh, was not that subtle.  Her name in the old languages meant "To Smash" and that's what she liked to do.  She wasn't cold blooded, she preferred to use her mace to maim rather than kill, but if something needed broken, Sedeh was the one to do it.  

"Sounds nice," I said. 

My father patted Apedi on the shoulder, "Please make sure they behave themselves," 

"Of course, Lord Zaan," Apedia said in his booming voice.

"We'll keep an eye on them," Sedeh added in her calm drone.

     The chariot took to flight, and Apedi and Sedeh landed us near the banks of the sacred River.  Sedeh and Apedi sat near the chariot, quietly chatting, and giving Hisan and I a little privacy as we ate our pomegranates, boiled eggs, and dried fish.  He poured wine into a set of goblets for me.

"How is Jasmine?" Hisan asked, 

"She's a lot better, on the new diet." I explained. "Hotep says she'll be just fine as long as she has her medicine."

"Delightful." Hisan said, "Bomani has a plan to deal with this new leader of the Baratas.  He wants to go there with me, a diplomat, that would be you, and a representative of the Gods, that would be Jasmine.  We'll speak to Zion, make him see reason."

"Well, Zion seems pretty unreasonable, he took over all the Baratas, killed their leaders," I said, "What if he won't honor the treaty."

Hisan drew a hoof across his throat.  "Then we will liberate the Baratas, by liberating Zion from his head." 

I shuddered, I never did like violence. "Oh, I hope we won't have to do that." I said. 

"As do I." Hisan said, "But the Baratas are good people, and they have fallen under the power of the Zealot. In doing this, we'll save them from oppression.  Once Zion is placated, or dead, you can help with the situation in Panampen.  You're smart, Somnambula and you have a big heart.  Your wisdom will be invaluable if you choose to join us."

"Of course," I said cheerfully, "But don't say I'm wise it makes me sound old," 

Hisan laughed and drank his wine, "Foolish, you are young and beautiful, and when you do grow old you will stay beautiful.  I imagine a thousand years from now you'll look as beautiful as you do today."

Hisan had no idea he was foreshadowing there, but I swear that's what he actually said.

"If you're going to flirt you better send the Chaperones away," I said, giving Hisan a playful look.

     Hisan returned my look and stood up, walking the short distance to Apedi and Sedeh.  Prince Hisan drew a few coins from his purse, lifted Apedi's hoof and set the gold in it.

"You two look very thirsty, why not head into town for a drink?" 

The two guards looked at each other, and then down at the gold, both smiling shallowly. 

"Of course, My prince." Apedi said with a wink.

"Have a good time, your highness," Sedeh giggled as the two flew off.

I couldn't stop laughing, "I can't believe you actually bribed the chaperones!" 

Hisan laid on the banks of the river next to me, holding me close, "It's a family tradition, if my father didn't bribe the chaperones when he was courting my mother I'd have never been born."

I rested my head on Hisan's chest, "Oh, so you mean to seduce me," I said.

"Well, it's crossed my mind," HIsan said.

"Well, you ruined it!" I said, "You're not supposed to tell somepony you're going to seduce them,"

"My friend, I know well the game of seduction, I've had no trouble with mares before."

"Don't I know it, all those Merchant's daughters and temple girls," I said. "How did you seduce them?"

Prince Hisan thought, "Well, I'd walk up to them, kiss their hoof, like so," He said, lifting my hoof to give it a tender kiss, "And I say, 'Hello, I am prince Hisan'"

"What then?" 

Hisan shrugged, "That's it, then they're usually all over me." He admitted. "Mares love princes, I guess." 

"Well, I'm not a Merchant's daughter, I'm a noble," 

"I see," Hisan said looking down at me, gently kissing the top of my head. "Well, I'm afraid all this time of having it easy has done little for flirting skills.  I would be content just to hold you."

    And he did, we watched the sunset together, held close without words for a time.  I rested on Hisan's chest, Listened to his quickening heart.  I was sure in one thing in this moment, I was not in love with Hisan.  He was handsome, kind, loving, everything a mare could want in a husband, but even at that perfect moment I couldn't bring myself to love him like everypony thought I should.  Even though, there was so much warmth in his embrace.  I think back on that day and I don't regret one moment I spent with Hisan.  I do however regret the kiss we shared.  

     I wasn't just a playful peck, like I'd given him to tease him.  It was a kiss of passion, a moment here I felt the need to express affection.  For Hisan however, it was the moment he fell in love with me.  When we drew away from that kiss, I saw the same look in his eyes that Jasmine had when she looked to me.  I also knew, I wasn't returning that look.  I'd given Hisan false hope and that is why I regret kissing him.  Luckily Apedi and Sedeh chose that moment to return, with more than a little wine on their collected breath.

"Somnambula, your mother sends her regards," Sedeh said to me, plainly. "And went on to say if we failed in our duties as chaperones again, she'd stab us."

"I've been in two hundred battles my Lady and your mother scares me more than any of them." Apedi said, with a sideways smile.

Hisan laughed, a bit disappointed. "Well, mothers can be like that when they fear for their daughter's virtue." He said. "But Somnambula is still innocent, she was no reason to worry."

     Only I wasn't innocent, I'd committed a great sin.  I did not tell Hisan how I felt, I let him love me when that love would never be returned.  He offered me his heart, only for me to break it.  To this day, I wish I could have given him my own. . .but Jamine had my heart.  She did back then, and to this very day.  I still wonder, why love can be so cruel and so beautiful at once.  Still, it was life as it should be, cruel and kind.  I wish I knew better back then how to endure, there was more cruelty of fate to come.

----*----

Having packed my bags and Told mother and father Goodbye, I met Jasmine, Bomani and Prince Hisan at the courtyard.  I was surprised to see we were joined by Apedi and Sedeh, both wearing their full battle dress, Apedi's hawk Atanen perched loyally on his back. Bomani was now wearing his helmet and breastplate, and was sharpening his curved sword against a stone as I approached.

"Good morning, Everypony" I said cheerfully, "I thought you were only going to bring one bodyguard," 

"Yes, that's what I agreed upon with Bomani."  Hisan said, turning to his friend.

Bomani held a hoof to his chest, his best innocent look on his face, "I did as we agreed my Prince, I bought one bodyguard." He said. "One for you Hisan, one for Somnambula, and one for Jasmine."

Hisan shook his head, "Hopefully, this mission will be one of peace, old friend.  We can't go in there with an army,"

"Three soldiers is not an army my prince, and the way to Panampen has threats that may take more than two trained fighters to deal with."

"As usual my friend, you understand these things better than I," Hisan said, before turning to the two soldiers. "You two, remember this is a mission of peace.  So no killing until I specifically order it."

"Yes my prince," The two chorused.

     Bomani tapped my shoulder, and held forward a pair of bronze daggers to Jasmine and me. It took me a second to realize he meant to give them to us.

"Thank you but I don't know how to use it," I said.

"Just put the pointed end in what you want to kill," Bomani said, 

I pushed to dagger back to Bomani, "I don't want to kill Anypony," I said.

"That's your choice," Bomani said, "Jasmine?"

Jasmine smiled and lifted her gown to reveal a short sword, "The wardens are trained to fight if they must," She said.

"Very well," Bomani said, slipping the daggers into his breastplate. 

"If everypony is ready, then we will be off." Hisan said. "And pray the gods favor us."

----*---- 

It took two days to fly to Panampen, over the deserts of our kingdom.  Following the river south until it bent to the east, then over open desert.  We camped at the river bend that first night, so Bomani could fish and we cold refill our water skins for the trip south.  I'd set up my tent as Bomani cast a net into the river for our supper.  Apedi cast Atanen into the air, the hawk spreading its wings and circling high in the sky above to look for threats in the surrounding cliffs and hills.  Sedeh set to work putting up Prince Hisan's ornate tent and Jasmine busied herself with her evening prayers.  My prince, being ever industrious was trying to help Sedeh with the tent poles but how he swung the hammer revealed he'd never done a day of work in his life.  I tried my best to help him, giggling as we both revealed we had no idea what we were doing.  He WAS a prince after all.  Atanen returned to Apedi's back, chittering and squawking in the language only Apedi could understand.

"My prince, Atanen has reported." Apedi said with a salute.

"Very well, what has she seen?"

"She reports smoke from a number of campfires to the north, along the Sendar road." Apedi repeated. "Likely a Fremen caravan."

"That's good, we can stop with them tomorrow for provisions." Hisan said.  "Jasmine? Are there any signs in the evening's first stars?"

"Venus is out early, on a red sunset." Jasmine said, "That means a deal will be struck between two travelers."

"Good." Hisan said, Satisfied.

"It can also mean someone will have their throat cut,"

"Not so good," Sedeh mentioned,

"Why are the stars never clear?" I giggled.

"Because the future is never clear my love," Jasmine said. "All is in flux." 

     When Jasmine called me "my love" I saw the slightest reaction on Hisan's face. I didn't understand, he knew Jasmine and I where together, even though we never talked at length.  He seemed not to mind before, but things have changed.  He puzzled me even more by what he said next.

"Jasmine, Somnambula, take the far tent." He said. "Bomani, with me.  Guards, you take the watch tonight." 

"Yes, my Prince."

"Bomani, are we having fish or hard bread tonight?" I called out.

Bomani lifted a large net filled with fish and smiled, "The Sphinx provides!" He shouted.

     I didn't know why Prince Hisan suggested Jasmine and I share a tent.  Perhaps he didn't mind her and I where together, to perhaps he wasn't thinking about it, so focussed on our mission.  After a meal of spiced fish cooked over smoldering coals, we retired to our tents.  As Jasmine and I laid in each other's arms, I felt the need to speak to her on it

"Jasmine, I love you." I breathed, "But I really need to talk to you about this situation with Prince Hisan."

"Somnambula, my love he understands."  Jasmine said, "And we're not breaking any rules of Your courtship."

"No, but something has changed." I said as I tenderly stroked her mane. "I think he's falling in love with me."

"That's wonderful," Jasmine said with a smile. 

"No, Jasmine it's not. . ."

"What not?  Love is always a wonderful thing!" Jasmine said, planting a tender kiss on my neck. "I'm not jealous my love, how could I blame him for falling for you too?"

"But Jasmine, I don't love him back. . ."

"Of course you do, you have spoken fondly of Hisan since we were children,"

"But there's no romance for him, Jasmine.  There's no flame, like I have for you." 

"Some fires burn bright and hot, but some smolder," Jasmine said. "A roaring fire is useful, but so is a smoldering fire."

"Oh you're right. . .if I'm in love with Prince HIsan, we'll have to get married!" 

"And that would be terrible, being a princess? Adored by all?" Jasmine giggled. 

"I only need to be adored by one, to be happy." I said, kissing Jasmine, "I don't want to marry Hisan, I want to marry you."

Jasmine giggled, "Now you're joking." 

"No, I'm not!" I said, kissing Jasmine. "I would, if you would have me.  You know you can get married, being a temple warden."

"Don't tease me about this Somnambula," Jasmine said, blushing.

"I'm not teasing," I said, "If you were to ask me, I'd say yes!  I live in that little Hutt now but I have a dowery.  We could get a little place near the north field, where the brook runs.  I could build us a house,"

Jasmine held me close, "I . . .would not want to break Hisan's heart." She said. "Somnambula, I'm sure if we all spoke together, he'd understand."

"I don't know, Jasmine.  With the situation in Panampen he's got a lot on his mind." I admitted. "We should probably wait, and talk to him about this later."

"Of course," Jasmine cooed, 

----*----

Bomani Didn't sleep much, I knew this from the time when we all shared a bunk as school.  In prince Hisan's tent, he rested near the door, eyes unblinking as he watched the opening to the tent for any threat.  Bomani and the Prince trained in a fighting style who's name I forget, but they always called it "The Method".  It's secrets also lost to the thousand years I spent in Limbo.  It allowed them to go without sleep for days, enhanced their senses, made them impervious to pain, and their skin as tough as boiled leather.  Apedi and Sedeh would be awake that entire night, and they wouldn't even get drowsy.  

"Bomani? Are you still awake?" Hisan said.

"Awake and alert." Bomani said.

"I have a problem," 

"I'll step outside if you need to use the chamber pot,"

Hisan laughed, "No, it's not that." He said from his bedroll. "It's Somnambula."

"She has her own chamber pot." 

"Bomani, please. . ."

The warrior chuckled, "Just lightening the mood," He said. "What vexes you my friend?" 

"I'm in love with her Bomani," 

"Hard not to be, Somnambula is a wonderful mare." Bomani said. "And isn't that why you're courting her?"

"The courtship was just supposed to be a way of getting used to being with a mare," Hisan admitted. "I thought if I courted a close friend, it would help me to prepare for more serious courtships later," 

"Reasonable." Bomani said, not taking his eyes off the tent's opening. "You've been with women before, but never out of a desire to build a lasting relationship."

"Exactly, I wanted to get used to a serious relationship, a public one, not just sneaking a maiden back to my bedchamber.  I never thought I'd actually have feelings for her."

"That's a good thing right? You're courting her already, saves you a step." Bomani said. "She'll make you a fine wife."

"I have a feeling she is in love with Jasmine."  

"I got the same feeling," Bomani said. "Those two are inseparable."

"You're not helping,"

"What do you want, Hisan?  I'm a warrior, I deal in facts.  Fact is, Somnambula and Jasmine are in love.  You love her, you have to look at this tactically."

"Not everything can be broken down to tactics." 

"I beg your pardon my prince, but love is much like combat." Bomani said. "You and Jasmine are competing for the same mare, and your position is favorable.  You're already courting her, it's like having the high ground.  Plant your feet, make the enemy come to you."

"I don't like you talking about Jasmine as the enemy, Bomani." Prince Hisan said, a bit of impatience in his voice.

"Sorry, I simply mean that when your army is in a favorable position you don't have to move or take serious action to attain victory.  For all intents and purposes Somnambula is already with you.   Stay the course, be your charming, handsome self and eventually this will come around to your favor."

"That makes sense... But the problem with thinking about this in terms of combat and Jasmine as the enemy is that she has to lose." Hisan lamented. "I love Jasmine like my own sister, she means a lot to me.  I don't want to hurt her,"

Bomoni turned his eyes to Hisan, then nodded shallowly. "You're right as usual, my friend." He admitted quietly. "I'm sorry, I care for Jasmine too.  She's like the light in the tower that leads me home through the fog.  I would sooner cut off my own nose than hurt her,"

"Then you see the problem." Hisan said 

"Well, I'm afraid I don't have the answers." Bomani said, turning back toward the tent opening. "But, I do know this; nothing bad comes with love that outweighs the good.  So hang in there, don't lose hope.  However this works out, Somnambula and Jasmine will always be a part of your life.  And So will I."

"Until you die,"

"Nope, Pharaoh told me I'm not allowed to die before you." Bomani said. "And when you DO die, I'll me mummified and buried with you.  That way I can watch you back in the afterlife.  When Anubis weighs your heart and it's too heavy, I'll just beat on him until he lets you in."

Hisan Laughed, "That's not how it works, Bomani."

"It's worth a try,"

"For me you would fight a God?" Hisan said, his tone suddenly serious.

"Without hesitation, my Prince." Bomani replied, just as serious.

----*----

After a quick breakfast, we took to the skies again, following the smoke of the campfires, finding a group of wagons parked near a cliff side where the shade was.  The Fremen where, as they are now, Nomads.  They'd find a nice spot like that shady cliff and stick around, watering their goats and waiting for travelers to use the roads so they can trade with them.  They usually traded in wool, then traded in all the things the wool was traded for.  Even back then Fremen could get you almost anything.  

"Allow me to go down first my Prince, and make sure the caravan is secure." Bomani said.  

"Good thinking general." Hisan said.

    We watched as Bomani landed near the caravan, a few of the black-robed ponies walking up to talk to him.  As we hovered, we saw them lead him into a waiting wagon and he didn't come out.  We were to high up to hear any of the words that were spoken, but something didn't seem right.

"What's he doing?" Prince Hisan asked. "He's been in there a while."

"Maybe it's a pretty mare," I offered.

"Nefertiti herself could be in there, and he'd ignore her if he was on duty," Jasmine said.

"Well, if there was a problem he would have flown back up here." Hisan said. "Let's go."

      The five of us landed, approaching the caravan, and the black-robed ponies stood around, staring at us.  I've been to Fremen Caravans before, they were the type that where always busy with something.  Talking, playing dice, spinning wool, eating, cooking, they never sat idle.  They never took a lot of notice of strangers, unless they had something to sell.  Now, everyone was just standing around staring at us.  That wasn't the only unusual thing, something was missing from this caravan and I couldn't think of what.  I just knew something that should be there, wasn't there.  An older pony, one of the tribal leaders most likely, walked up to us looking sad.

"My prince, I-I'm sorry," He whined, "We did not want this, if there was any way we could have avoided this-"

"What? Old man?" Sedeh asked, drawing her bronze mace off her back, "What are you apologizing for?" 

    In a split second, we got our answer. From inside the wagons, emerged half a dozen Minotaurs wearing leather armor and wielding bows and daggers.  One with a golden helmet, like their leader, waved to someone in the wagon and two more Minotaurs emerged.  Both of them where sporting bumps, bruises and cuts.  Between them, wrapped in a number of Iron chains, was Bomani.

"Hisan!  Fly!  Go!" Bomani shouted, "They got the drop on me, but don't concern yourself with me!" 

"Shut up!" One of the minotaurs said, swinging a solid wooden club at Bomani's head.

    The club did not connect however, with all his other limbs bound Bomani caught the club in his mouth, and pushed forward so the butt-end stuck the Minotaur in the eye.  The Minotaur roared in pain falling to the ground.

"Just go Hisan!" Bomani shouted, "I'll catch up!"

"I wouldn't do that," The Armored Minotaur said.  "Take a look great prince, my archers don't have their bows aimed at you,"

     I was curious what the big Minotaur Was talking about, so I looked at the archers, and he was right.  None of them where aiming their bows at us, but at some point behind us.  We turned and looked, and I realized what was missing from the Village, it was the children.  The archers where pointing their bows at the caravan's children.  There must have been 20 or 30 of them, older siblings carrying their infants brothers and sisters.  All with looks of mortal fear in their eyes.

"If you take to flight I'll have my archers open fire on these poor children."

"What is it you want?" Prince Hisan asked.

"You, my prince.  I am but a humble Mercenary, who was offered your weight in gold to deliver you in chains." The Minotaur said. "No one has to be hurt today, you, your friends, the children, we even wrestled your bodyguard down without so much as a scratch.  It took two of my men to get the chains on him."

      I knew the Minotaur was right, Prince Hisan would go with them before he allowed one innocent to come to harm.  Bomani would have been able to save the children, I'd seen him move fast enough to dodge sling stones, he could catch those big heavy arrows.  But he'd been bound.  A plan developed in my mind, and I spoke quickly, before things could get worse.

"Oh no, Jasmine they touched him!" I said, doing my best to sound panicked. 

Jasmine looked at me with confusion.

"I was hoping I'd never have to see anyone die like that again," I whimpered.

"What are you talking about?" The Minotaur growled

"The poison pelt curse!  You've never heard of it?"  I shrieked, "By the gods, I'm so sorry!  They should have warned you!"

"Poison pelt curse?!" the lead Minotaur scoffed, "There's no such thing,"

"If only that were true!" I shrieked, hold a hoof to my forehead for dramatic effect. "All the Royal family and their bodyguards are cursed, so that if anypony touches them without the special potion, they will die horribly!"

"What's going to happen to us?" One of the Minotaurs holding Bomani said, fearful.

"First, it effects your eyes," I said, "You will see colors differently, that's how you know the curse has touched you," 

"Yes," Jasmine said, Realizing where I was going with the bluff. "Like, you might see my coat as grey or blue, instead of red, like it really is." 

"I see your coat as brown!" The Minotaur said, panic in his voice. "Bandar, I have it!  I have the curse!" 

The leader, I knew his name was Bandar now, scowled at his man. "Nonsense!  I didn't touch him and I see her coat as brown too!"

"By the Gods it's in the air now!" Hisan said, joining my bluff, "It's likely they all have it, Somnambula!"

"Oh no!" I Shrieked, "Bomani, it was so cruel that you didn't tell them!"

"I'm sorry, I didn't have a chance." Bomani said, a sly grin. "I guess it's their own fault."

"What's gonna happen to me?!" One of the Minotaurs said.

"Don't worry, it's quick." I assured him, "After the curse turns you inside out, you'll likely only survive in horrible agony for a few seconds."

"You said there was a potion!" The leader said, panicked, "Give it to me now!"

"I have to apply the potion, to Bomani to lift the curse," I said, holding a vial of oil I had in my pack. 

"Do it!" 

     I walked to Bomani, pouring some of the oil onto his forehead, sneaking one of my hairpins into a wing, trying to pick the lock around his neck. I leaned close to whisper.

"Can you save those kids?" 

"If those archers panic, I'll have the time I need.  Keep up the bluff," Bomani said, just as the lock around his neck clicked open. 

I nodded and turned, "Oh no! The potion!  It's not working!" I shouted, "The curse is out of control!"

     I secreted one of the pomegranates out of my pack and pressed it to my chest and the red juice and white seeds erupted out.  It must have looked pretty gruesome to folks who didn't know I was just smoothing fruit into my fur. 

"She's turning inside out!" One of the archer roared, pointing at me with wide eyes.

"Oh no, we're next!" Another shouted, 

     Bomani saw his opportunity, and threw off his chain, he grabbed it and swung it at two of the archers while they were panicking, knocking both of them out cold.  Sedeh pulled out her mace and threw it at another, the Bronze head making a dull, metallic thud as it hit the archer in the head.  Apedi just pointed, and his hawk flew to the fourth archer and clawed at his eyes, Apedi leaping forward, kicking the Minotaur in the chest and sending him flying into the cliff face.  

"It was a lie!" Bandar roared, pulling out a massive bronze battle axe and pointing to me, "That's a Pomegranate!"

"And thank you so much for making me waste it," I said, "I was saving it for later."

Jasmine had made her way to the children, and noticed one of the older boys had a black eye. "Bomani, they hurt the children," She lamented,

     Hisan drew his curved sword, and tossed it to Bomani who caught it out of the air with all the effort of a pony picking a flower.

"So, you're mighty tough against Children, Bandar." Bomani growled, 

"Some of them mouthed off, what kind of criminal would I be if I allowed that?" 

"You're going to wish that curse was real," Bomani hissed, "Your end is far more cruel, I am  Bomani, ender of worlds."

"Oh really? The great warrior of the Sphinx stands before me? You Lie!" The Minotaur taunted, "You're short, you're young, not a scar on your body, what proof do I have that you are the one who defeated the Hyksos?" 

     Bomani moved so fast, it was imperceptible.  His sword was in one place, then another so quickly I couldn't perceive anything in between.  Then, I noticed the Minotaur's neck was bleeding.  A thin red line was visible along the front of his neck, before a fountain of blood shot out like a fan.  Bandar tried to talk, but there was only a gurgle.

"Who else but I could have killed you so easily?" Bomani said, and Bandar toppled forward.

The two Minotaurs ho where holding Bomani where the only two left, and they drew their swords.

"Gentlemen, do you really want to do this?" Bomani said, pointing the sword at the two. "I enjoy a morning workout, but will you enjoy death?"

The two traumatized Minotaurs dropped here swords, and turned to run.

"BE STILL!" Bomani roared in a commanding voice. 

They stopped as if they'd hit a brick wall.

"If you apologize to the children, you can live." Bomani shouted, "Otherwise, you won't go two more steps."

      The two looked at eachother with fear in their eyes, now knowing who they were facing.  They walked to where Jasmine was treating the children for their bumps and bruises.  The foals shrank back in fear, the children cried.  The two Minotaurs bent to their knees, their voices shaking as they spoke.

"Please forgive us,"

"We shouldn't have hurt you,"

Bomani stood by one of the Minotaurs, and smiled. "Now children, these men seem very sorry, do you accept their apology?"

The children nodded, 

"Very well." Bomani said, tossing Hisan's sword back to him. "Now go home, rethink your life.  Maybe start a farm, do honest work.  I don't have to be merciful the next time we meet."

     The Minotaurs ran without saying another word.  I always wondered what happened to them, I like to imagine they actually took up farming, started families, and lived happily ever after.  Of course the chances are equally good they Just continued being criminals in another distant land.  

    The Fremen had been attacked just before we got there.  Back then, they didn't have warriors and could do very little when the Minotaurs took their children.  Prince Hisan was understanding, and forgave them.  He told the Village elders he was just glad everypony was okay.  Hisan paid for our water, despite the fact the elder offered it as repayment for saving the children.  That sounds generous but remember, it wasn't like he didn't have the money.  The kingdom was rich, and fat and happy.  The Fremen where almost set for life just trading with our travelers.

     As I took a little time to play a game of dice with the children, I clearly saw Jasmine going to a jewelry seller.  There, she bought a string of pearls.  Jasmine knew I loved pearls, so I suspected they were for me.  A gift, an engagement gift. If Hisan was angry, or sad, he didn't show it, as he watched Jasmine secret the pearls away into her bag.

----*----

     Outside Panampen we were surprised to see one of our armies, close to five hundred of our soldiers, with tall shields and long spears standing in front of ranks of archers an a number of scythed chariots.

"That's the third army of the north, under Commander Kestrel." Bomani explained, 

"What are they doing outside Panampen?" Hisan asked as we circled. 

"Not sure, but they have standing orders to react to any threat." Bomani said, pointing toward to glimmering streets of Panampen, 

"Seems this war may start with our without us," Jasmine lamented.

"Hey, what are you always saying? Don't give up hope?" I said, giving Jasmine a kiss on the nose as I flew by.

      Hisan gave the order and we flew down into the heart of the third army, and up until that point I'd never been in an army that large.  I wasn't a warrior, nor was I interested in being one but what I saw was nonetheless interesting.  I was surprised to find an army this size was more than just ponies with swords, it was more like a little town.  There was a number of large four-walled tents built around wooden posts, most of which where filled with soldier's bedrolls but some filled other tasks.  I saw an office tent filled with scribes and long papyrus scrolls. Next was a medical tent, thankfully empty at the moment, but stocked with medicinal herbs and bandages.  There was a tent where a cook was working on a cauldron of some kind of stew, he even had a little brick oven where fresh bread was baking.  Bomani explained to me this army, like all our roving forces was capable of moving from place to place quickly, but keeping independent enough they could survive quite comfortably in the wilderness with no support.  Commander Kestrel's personal tent looked like a nice house inside with cushions, nice furniture, big cushy carpets.  As we entered, Kestral seemed to be in the middle a meeting with a few sergeants, but as they saw Prince Hisan they immediately stopped their conversation, turned and bowed to him.  It was weird, I knew Hisan so well I always forgot he was the son of the Pharaoh and the second most powerful pony in the kingdom.

"Commander Kestrel, I wonder why one of my armies is here at Panampen." Prince Hisan.  

"My Prince, there have been raids on several of the farms near here, as well as several trade caravans." Kestrel explained. "We are merely trying to stop these raiding parties."

"Day and night patrols of the local area, and placing the army within sight of the city for a little good old fashioned intimidation." Bomani observed. 

I nodded, "Yeah, they'll think twice about trying anything with an army here staring them down."

"The problem with a staring contest is that sompony must eventually flinch," Jasmine said. "I hope this won't inspire them to strike back,"

"I hope to have this resolved long before that," Hisan said, nodding to Jasmine. "Commander, you said there were raids against farms? Was it large organized attacks?"

"No, my prince.  It was just a few soldiers stealing wagons of grain, or vats of wine." Kestrel explained.  "Very disorganized, no commanders, just younger Baratas."

"Sounds like they're running out of food," Jasmine said, "They're just hungry, the poor things."

"Panampen has all kinds of grain stores, orchards and fishing streams, they have date palms on every street corner, how could they be running out of food?" Bomani said.

"Kids," Hisan reflected, "Conscripts from the tribes, not Gurkhas."

"That makes no sense," Bomani said. "This Zion character is turning everything on its head."

"Help me out," I said, "What makes no sense about conscripts? We use them,"

"Not the Baratas." Prince Hisan said. "Their society has a strict caste system.  The Gurkha is the warrior caste, Professional warriors born into their profession. No one else in their civilization fights."

"I'm betting he's withholding food from them to keep them loyal," Bomani said, 

"Those poor young ponies, hungry and far from home, they must be so frightened." Jasmine said, "We have to help them, my prince."

"We will, Jasmine." Hisan said, patting Jasmine on the shoulder. "We will go into the city and settle this one way or another."

"I'll prepare the men to March," Kestrel said. 

"No, the Baratas must know we are not their enemy, if we go in with an army we'll only unite them against us.  I will go in with my diplomats and my bodyguards, no one else will be required."

"My prince Panampen is occupied by an enemy army!" Commander Kestrel said, a bit of panic in her voice. "Can three soldiers protect you?"

"It's not an enemy army," Prince Hisan said. "It's a bunch of scared kids and one tyrannical maniac.  We'll start by seeing Dew Drop. . .commander do you know if she's still in power?"

"We have no indication that she's been ejected with the others, probably because she's only half Pegasus." 

"If I know Dew Drop she's doing everything she can to Negotiate with the Baratas." Jasmine said. 

      Dew Drop was the mayor of Panampen, and the author of the treaties we shared with the Baratas.  She was born in Panampen, half Barata, and half Pegasus so she was a fine negotiator for both sides.  

"I'll be with him Commander, along with some of my best fighters. The Prince can handle himself pretty well Too you know." Bomani explained, "Just stay here unless the prince says otherwise."

"Yes, General."

     It was a quick flight to Panampen, where I was surprised to find things were pretty normal.  Well, as normal as Panampen gets.  I'd been there only a few times and it always struck me how new everything felt.  When I was a foal, this city was nothing but a few tents and some mud huts.  Now it was rows and rows of buildings of white quartz blocks.  The whole city was impossibly clean, and smelled of newly cut stone.  It took only a decade or two for the whole city to grow, and many citizens of the kingdom opening forges and smith shops to profit from all the new mines that opened up everywhere around the city.  Here my people and the Baratas worked together to make a beautiful new city with treaties protecting everyone.  

"Dew Drop will be in the galleria, if I know her as well as I think I do." Hisan said, "She'd have brought the city elders together and will be railing against those who broke the treaty."

"That sounds like her." Bomani said. "For all we know she's already wrapped this whole thing up."

     The six of us reached the galleria, where the city elders met. . .but it was strangely empty.  It was a auditorium, with a central round stage surrounded by tiers of stone steps where the city elders and representatives of businesses would sit and determine the future of the city.  Now, it was empty and quiet.

"This is wrong," Bomani said, drawing his sword, "everypony we should get out of here, now."

"You're right my old friend," HIsan said, Sedeh, Apedi and Bomani surrounding him with their weapons drawn. "Back through the archway!" 

     We ran together, only to see a a flaming wooden cart be pushed in front of the narrow passage back into the city.  Then, from somewhere arrows rained down and we ran back in the galleria, the cruel barbs sticking into the stone of the street just behind our hooves.

"We'll fly for it!" I suggested, pointing to the open sky above the galleria.

     We took to flight, only to be thwarted again by a thick net that was drawn over the skylight of the building.  Sedeh went to it and drew an axe, striking sparks of the chains with all her fury.

"It's steel!  We'll never cut it!" Bomani said, "Back to the Galleria we'll find another way out!"

    As soon as we landed however, we found that the seats all around us where now filled with our enemy.  Gurkha Warriors in glimmering armor, archers behind them, and behind them hundreds of young conscripts  in black robes with wooden spears, all looking a little less than enthusiastic about being there.  I could relate to them, I didn't want to be there either.

    The ranks of the enemy parted, and I caught my first glimpse of Zion.  He was an earth pony, a dark orange in color with black splotches.  He wore the robes and headdress of a religious leader but the breastplate and swords of a warrior, and his face was so scarred it looked like his face caught fire at some point and somepony put it out with a rake.  He was. . .remarkably ugly but his deep blue eyes had a strange focus.  Every time his eyes met mine I felt on edge, as if he was screaming at me silently.

"My Fellow pilgrims, Kali is generous! For she has sent us esteemed guests!" Zion Shouted to his men, Impossibly loud. "Prince Hisan of the Kingdom of the Sphinx, Bomani the Ender of world's!  Apedi, friend of birds! Sedeh the crusher! And two other glorious nobles."

The crowd jeered at us, all but the conscripts.  Some of those Gurkhas said some things I won't repeat here.

"No no no my children," Zion Scolded, "These are great men!  We should be honored they are here with us!  It is as Kali willed!"

"It's as you willed!" Bomani shouted back, "You send Minotaur mercenaries to capture Prince Hisan!"

"Kali works though her warriors," Zion said, as if that explained everything.

"We came to talk!" Prince Hisan said, "You violated the treaties we had with the Baratas!"

"Yes, the Mayor was quite vocal about that." Zion said with a bit of a laugh. "She was a blasphemer, as all the false leaders where.  The Gurkha have be far to tolerant of the blasphemers for far to long."

One of Zion's henchmen tossed something wrapped in rags at Hisan's feet.

"We have ways to deal with Blasphemers." Zion growled. 

     Apedi delicately unwrapped the package, and it was as I was fearing.  Inside, where the vacant eyes of Dew Drop. . .still connected to her disembodied head.  Jasmine shrieked and hid her eyes in Hisan's chest.  

"She was a diplomat! She wanted nothing but to help the people of Panampen!" Hisan roared, 

"No, she was an enemy of the Gods." Zion said with calm. "You however, are a pony I respect.  You are not just a leader, you are a warrior!  You fought the Hyksos, you combatted the griffon invaders, you yourself are not scared of blood."

"I appreciate your respect, but I find there is far more courage in creation than in destruction." Hisan shouted back, "I won't be intimidated by a man so ruled by violence.  I give you one chance to stop this madness.  I will be willing to hear your grievances and will do my best to do right by your people as I always have.  Continue this aggression, and I will meet it with my own aggression."

Zion laughed heartily, "My prince, I will not be appeased with words nor intimidated by threats.  My people have spent generations squeezing water from stone while your people drank fresh river water, my people gnawed on roots while you supped on Pomegranates and sweet cakes. . . I see a land for my people and it is yours.  I will take the lands of the Sphinx, for my people.  You will be put in your place, and nothing will stop that my prince, you've been spoiled for too long."

Hisan scowled, and turned up to the young conscripts. "And are all of you willing to die for this plan? Follow this tyrant who murders innocents and starves you in a land of plenty?"

There was some murmuring and Zion seemed to get angry, "ENOUGH!" He roared. "You have been brought here my dear prince to be tested by the Goddess Kali!"

      Bomani, Sedeh, Apedia and Prince Hisan drew out their shields, even Jasmine drew her sword.  All I knew about Kali is that she was the goddess of war, and being "tested" by her would probably mean a fight.  I was not wrong, into the center of the Gallera came Six Gurkhas, one for each of us.  One was armed with a trident, another an axe, another a club bigger than me, another with a long whirling chain, another with a long curved sword and the last of them was holding the chain to the biggest lion I'd ever seen.  Honestly, it was the only Lion I'd ever seen, but it was huge.

"The weapons of Durga!  Warrior Goddess!  The great demons could not stand against them,  can you?"

Bomani eyed the sword wielding pony closest to him, "You folks best back away from the prince, I don't just kill, I kill ugly." 

"You are to be tested by Kali!" The Sword wielding pony growled. 

Bomani smiled his winning smile, "We'll see who she favors soon, and I'll warn you. . .I have a way with both women and war gods,"

"Come on!" Sedeh said, swinging her massive mace to the floor and cracking the stone below her. 

"Instead of killing you outright, I give you a chance to earn your lives." Zion said. "For Kali is merciful and blesses you with glorious combat!"

"Stay behind me my Prince," Bomani said, drawing his curved sword. "Jasmine, Somnambula just stay away from these guys, they're Gurkhas, they've been fighting since they were children."

Jasmine looked at me with sad eyes, wielding her sword. "My love, We will not fall today.  The Sphinx told me I would have a great victory, as long as I stood with the ponies I loved."

"I won't leave your side," I said. 

"None of us will," Bomani said, nodding to Jasmine. "We fight as one,"

"I hoped this wouldn't end in violence," Prince Hisan said, "But it seems Zion is beyond reason."

"I have to agree." I said with a smirk. 

"I'll play your game Zion," Hisan said, anger in his voice, "But when I'm done with these goons, you're next."
> Love Is Madness
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

History records me as a problem solver, Apep the great snake wasn't beaten by my skill with a sword, becuase I don't have any.  I figured out that the snake was steadily growing due to a cursed stone, I used my brain.  I'm a problem solver, I figure things out, I put pieces together.  I just want you all to understand, I never even got the first lesson about fighting, but now here I was in a grand arena, standing shoulder to shoulder with my friends.  The puzzle I was currently trying to solve was the earth pony coming at me with a steel battle axe, an axe he seemed quite determined to bury in my head.  Yes, I couldn't fight, but I looked at it as a puzzle, how do I stop the premature end of my life via axe to my head? 

      My mind works pretty quickly, so as that big nasty pony charged me I thought about my assets.  I had my Khat, my linen dress and the contents of my saddlebag.  The bag contained two Pomegranites, half a loaf of bread, a water skin, a quill, a dried flower Jasmine gave me, a mostly empty jar of honey, my toothbrush and a small canvas bag containing my eye makeup.  Nothing in there that would make a weapon, but even if I had the best sword ever forged by a legendary sword smith I'd be in the same situation, the only thing I knew about sword fighting is that I didn't want to do it. The pony with an axe was a surgeon with it no doubt, a professional soldier, fighting him directly would be suicide.

     Okay, I catalogued my other resources, I had my friends. . .but they where occupied.  Apedi had drawn twin daggers and was fighting off the pony with the club, Sedeh was rolling out of the way of the huge lion, Prince Hisan was relieving the trident-wielding pony of his teeth with the top of his shield, Bomani was in a tug-of-war with the chain wielding one and Jasmine was crossing swords with the last of them.  Bomani had already dispatched the pony with the lance, burying his sword in his chest.  None of them could help me in time, so no dice.  

     I did have a few other advantages, this was an earth pony. . .big, clumsy, strong but heavy on his hooves and I could fly!  I was a pretty good flier too!  So just as that big axe started to come down, I few around it.  The axe threw up sparks as it struck stone, so I'd dodged it once but this guy was going to swing it again. . .so step two would be stopping him from doing that again.  He hefted the double-sided axe and swung it at me again, and I dodged out of it's path again, then a third time.  Then, I noticed the axe-pony subtly adjusting the cloth turban he was wearing. . .a loose turban, that was another resource!  I flew down and shoved the turban over his eyes, and watched him swing blindly as I safely hovered overhead.

"Hey!  I think I just fought a guy!" I laughed,

"It's a start!" Bomani shouted as he and Hisan fought the swords pony, who impossibly was skilled enough to keep up with both of them.

Jasmine rolled as the chain swung over her head, "Sombambua, bring him this way!" 

I flew toward Jasmine, and called to the Axe-Wielder who was still swinging blindly, "Hey axe guy!  I'm over here!  You're mother drinks corn liquor!" Back then that was a pretty good insult, believe me.

     I regretted jeering at him almost immediately when that axe came dangerously close to my face, but I was still quicker than him.  He Stammered closer as I continued to jeer, and that massive glimmering chain struck him as the pony swung it, wrapping around him several times.  The chain-Wielder tried to untangle his weapon but Jasmine flew close to him, smashing him in the head with the butt of her sword, knocking him out cold.  Her and I grabbed the chain and flew a few more laps around the axe-pony, hopelessly entailing him in it.

"Did I win?" I asked, kissing Jasmine on the nose as the axe-pony fell to the stones.

     Jasmine's eyes grew wide, and she pulled me out of the way as the huge club came smashing down where we where just standing.

"Not yet, my love." She said, holding her sword up defensively, as the club was about to come down again.

     Jasmine had no chance of blocking that club with her short copper sword, lucky Sedeh appeared just in time to absorb the impact with her shield. 

"I think I'll handle this one ladies, clubs are my specialty." She said, broad smile on her face.

"Be my guest," I said. 

     Sedeh drew her mace, as long as she was with a brass head shaped like a pear, and focussed.  The Gurkha was unimpressed, and lifted his club. . .thinking about it now that club was more like a support beam, like a tree shaved down with a few steel bands to add weight.  Sedeh had no trouble catching it against her Sheild however, only stumbling backwards a few steps before striking back, smashing her mace into the pony's breastplate so hard the armor was dented and deformed. 

"Should I like. . .throw something?" I asked, wondering if Sedeh needed help.

"No my dear I think she has things well in hoof." Jasmine replies.

     Then I realized, that blow was NOT absorbed by the armor, the big pony seemed to be struggling to draw a breath.  It seems that despite the armor his entire chest had been crushed.  Undeterred, the pony lifted that club in an attempt to smash Sedeh again, and she bought her own mace up with enough force to shatter that club like glass, splinters and shards of wood flying in every directed like the big beam had exploded.  The club pony drew up a hoof as if he planned to Punch Sedeh. . .for all the good it would do.  Sedeh just swung her mace again agaist his foreleg, and I winced at the sickening crunch of broken bones.

"You wanna see what I can do to your skull?" Sedeh hissed, "Stay down and you'll go home tonight."

    Apedi had unleashed his hawk, Atanen on the trident pony, and the loyal hawk was clawing at his forehead. . .but the trained warrior was unphased, and ignored the blood running into his eyes.  Jasmine and I charged over to help, when we heard a roar and took to flight just in time to avoid the loin's swinging claws.  Bomani saw our plight and rushed to try and attack the Lion's handler, but the lion was to quick and only Bomani's copper shield stopped those jaws from taking a bite out of Bomani's shoulder.

"Somnambula, you have a cat!  Try to negotiate!" Bomani joked as the lion tried to rip the shield from his arm,

"Jepti is a little smaller,"

"But he's just as cranky," Jasmine added.

"Yogesh is the mightiest Lion!" The handler said, cracking a whip over the lion's head, "And you, ender of worlds, are his dinner!"

"I'll warn you, I'm a bit stringy," Bomani roared, barely staying out of the way of the lion's snapping jaws.

     Hisan tried to come and help, but He seemed to be just holding on against the swords pony, until Sedeh joined him, recklessly swinging her mace and making the sword pony back up to avoid being crushed like an egg.  Hisan saw his opportunity and slashed his sword across the sword's ponie's face, and Sedeh finished him with a shattering blow to the ribs that sent the sword pony into a fetal positions, coughing up blood.  He wasn't getting back up.  Hisan and Sedeh Rushed at Bomani to help.

"Yogesh! You Dumb beast, kill the prince!" The handler said, snapping his sword over the lion's head and pulling on the bit in the lion's mouth making the beast Yelp in pain and charge the prince.

    Hisan was  Smart and dove out of the way but Sedeh tried to stand her ground, the Lion swiping at her shield and cutting the soft copper to pieces and shredding Sedeh's foreleg.  

"Sedeh!" Hisan said, eyes wide as he grabbed his vassal and lifted her into the air out of harm's way.

"It's just a scratch, my prince," Sedeh said, wincing as blood dripped off her leg.

"Nonsense, you're hurt.  Jasmine!  See if you can stop the bleeding!" Hisan said setting Sedeh down.

      Apedi was still dealing with the trident wielding pony, swinging his twin daggers and deftly blocking every blow, I shot at him thinking I could help somehow.  I aimed at the trident wielder's back, but he turned so quickly I could barely see the move and the next thing I knew the trident was inches from my face.

"I have no desire to kill a helpless girl," The pony said, "Fly away,"

      Considering that guy seemed to be far far more skilled than the axe pony I backed up, and let him and Apedi continue their duel, with Bomani and Hisan busy with the lion, Sedeh wounded and Jasmine helping her, I was concerned for Apedi's chances.  He was one of the best warriors in the kingdom but this trident guy seemed like one of the best the Baratas had to offer.  If I got involved he could kill me as easy as thinking about it, What to do? Then I heard the lion Yelp again, And that cruel whip crack.  I realized that the lion. . .Yogesh was just like he conscripts, it didn't want to be here either!  I saw the lion's jaws as the snapped at Bomani and noticed how raw and bloody the corners of the lion's mouth was from that terrible bit.  If there's one thing that Apedi hated with a burning hot passion was ponies who where cruel to animals.

"Apedi!  That lion!  He needs your help!" I shouted.  

     Just in time the Lion yelped in pain again from a whip crack, and Apedi's eyes where like fire.   Now, he was going to start kicking ass, but I wasn't quite sure how he'd do it.  How he close to do it, surprised me.  When the trident next tried to stab him instead of deflecting it completely, Apedi just nudged it away from his exposed neck, and allowed the powerful blow strike his bronze breastplate.  Apedi winced as the tips of the trident cut him, but the Gurkha couldn't pull his trident free.  Apedi quickly used his daggers to chop the wooden trident in three peices and sank the dagger into the Gurka's neck.  

     He didn't charge the handler as I thought he would.  Apedi just growled.  I thought it was becuase he was mad, but then I saw the lion turn, and realized he was talking to it.  The Lion turned, slowly and calmly walking toward Apedi who in turn walked to meet it.  The Lion's handler pulled on the bit, and the lion stopped and wined in pain. 

"He dousn't like that," Apedi growled at the handler.

"Attack him you Stupid BEAST!" The Handler said, an tried to crack his whip again but Apedi caught it.

"Do you know what a spade bit does to a creature?" Apedi snarled, 

"I don't care!" The handler said tugging on his whip. 

     Apedi yanked the whip out of the Handler's grip and swing it back at him, and I winced as I saw the rawhide whip had ripped out one the the Hander's eyes, and the Gurkha fell to the ground, roaring in pain and frustration. Apedi dropped the whip and removed the cruel bit from the lion's mouth. 

"There you go, you poor thing." Apedia said, "I swear as long as I live, no one will ever do that to you again, you're safe now." 

    I thought it was over, but Apedi was pissed off, and he stomped to the whaling Gurkha on the ground, put the bit in his mouth and pulled it so hard I was worried it would cut his head in half.  Blood rand down the Gurkha's neck as he roared in pain.

"You DO NOT use a spade bit!" Apedi roared, "Do you SEE how cruel it is? Do you feel helpless? You bastard, torturing a beloved creature!  You're going to die in pain for what you did!" 

    The Lion, Yagesh snuggled up to Apedi, gently purring to try and calm him.  It set one of it's massive paws on Apedi, trying to calm him. Apedi seemed to relax, letting the Halndler go and hugging the great Lion.  

"Good! Very very good!" Zion said As the warriors surrounding him cheered.  "You have survived the trial! Even your nobles have bravely stood against my greatest warriors! Oh the war to come will be spoken of throughout history!"

"You forgot our agreement!" Prince Hisan shouted, "I told you, you're next!"

Zion laughed, "Please, my dear Prince Hisan.  I have no intention of slaughtering you here, much better to do so on a battlefield!"

"Look at your men, Zion.  Look at mine, blood has been shed.  This is a battlefield." Hisan said, "And If we could settle this with two sword instead of thousands."

"No, run back to your kingdom, Prince." Zion said, looking a bit miffed. "Your business here is done.  Run home and enjoy the last days of your life of leisure."

Hisan turned to the crowd, "You see? He sends you to die!  But he's too much of a coward to face the sword himself!"

      Wow, THAT made Zion mad.  The Earth pony leapt high into the air, slamming down into the stones so hard It shook.  One thing I didn't notice from a distance: he was BIG, one of the biggest ponies I've ever seen.  

"If you want a duel, dear prince," Zion said, his voice quivering with anger, "Then you will have it.  You and me, prepare!"

As Zion walked to his Gurkhas to don his chosen weapons, Bomani quickly pulled Prince Hisan aside, using a hushed tone only he could use with royalty, 

"Hisan, are you insane? That's the lord of the Gurkhas!  I'm not even sure if I could kill him in a one on one duel!"

"Well, it's what's going to happen." Hisan said, resigned. "Any advice?"

"Fly away, as fast as you can." Bomani said, and I wasn't sure if he was joking.

HIsan smirked, "I don't think that's an option," 


Bomani nodded, "I guess not." He said "Look, Zion is an earth Pony, that means he's strong so don't let him grab you, he'll crush every bone in your body.  He'll tire easier than you, so keep moving.  And. . .my friend, don't die.  Fight dirty if you have to, remember the ways of the Method.  KNow that your kingdom needs you, and I also need my friend."

"And we need you too," Jasmine said, standing to give Hisan a kiss on the cheek.

I kissed him on the lips, tenderly, hoping to give him something to fight for.  "Survive for all of us," I said, and I didn't lie when I said what I said next. "I love you, Hisan." 

     Hisan smiled, and I saw that love in his eyes, I had to admit that seeing him willing to put his life on the Line for his kingdom, see him rescue Sedeh instead of protecting himself, made me think I could marry him.  What I time to feel conflicted, am I right? 

Bomani looked at Hisan, "Well, I'm not going to kiss you, but good luck."

Hisan handed me a bundle of clanking weapons, "Somnambula, my love, will you hold my weapons?"

"Sure, wait. . .what does that mean?"

"Just toss them to me when I call for them," Hisan said pulling a short spear of solid bronze from the pack and a few javelins that he tucked behind his shield.

     I unrolled the bundle to see dozens of weapons, long ones, short ones, curved ones, Ones that I wasn't even sure how a pony could hold without hurting themselves.  

"Geeze, Hisan how many weapons do you need?" I asked with a laugh, 

"Just enough to kill Zion," Hisan said with a wink and he fitted his bronze helmet and went into the circle to join Zion.  

"No mercy," Zion growled, "One of us walks away, the other dies."

"If that's how you want it, Murderer." Hisan said. "Look to the skies, take in their beauty one last time.  You won't see it again."

      I guess Zion was sick of talking, because he drew out his sword and worldlessly stared at Hisan.  This wasn't a normal sword, it was . . .floppy for lack of a better term.  Zion spun it above his head like a rope and when the momentum stopped it curled back up into a tiny circle.  I had no idea how that was a weapon, it looked more like a streamer children ran around with on windy days.  Zion and Hisan circled, that strange metal ribbon making whistling noises as Zion swung it.

     Prince Hisan struck first, taking one of the needle-like javelins and hurling it at Zion who deftly swatted it out of the air with his ribbon-sword.  Another javelin, Zion just swaying out of it's way this time with unexpected grace.  Zion pulled out a metal ring. . .I would later learn these where called Chakram, and spun it around his free hoof, hurling it at Hisan.  My Prince let the sharp metal ring reflect off his shield, spinning into the air.  

"Come closer dear prince," Zion said, now grinning with the thrill of combat. "So I can feel your last breath escape."

     Hisan threw another javelin, More to distract than kill and dove in with his heavy spear, Zion side-stepping the blow with practiced ease.

"A mighty thrust!" Zion complimented, "But a spear in the air never cuts the flesh."

"Will you slay me with words?" Hisan taunted, "That would be a mighty feat."

     I knew Prince Hisan very well, and he wasn't the type to toss around insults.  His taunts where tactical, he wanted to keep Zion mad.  Angry ponies didn't think clearly, and the last thing Hisan wanted was that big bloodthirsty Gurkha carefully planning how to kill him.  Zion took the bait, swinging that ribbon sword at Hisan who blocked it with his shield easily.  I was just wondering what that pointless toy was supposed to do when I saw it curl around Hisan's shield and strike his back, slicing into his flesh, spilling royal blood onto the cement.

"Hisan, no!" I shouted, 

"He'll be fine," Bomani said, "Those are shallow cuts, he dousn't even feel them."

"What if it gets around his neck?" I lamented, 

"My love, trust Hisan." Jasmine said, 

"But. . .he can't-"

"My love, hold on to hope." Jasmine said.

     I calmed, even though after a few more strikes from that ribbon sword Hisan's back looked like ground fish, red and running with blood.  Bomani was right though, Hisan didn't react to the cuts.  They must have hurt like crazy, but Hisan didn't flinch.  He kept blocking, kept taking the blows, I think he was forming a plan. Then, I was proven right.  The next time the metal ribbon came around Hisan slammed his heavy shield down on top of it, trapping it.  Hisan charged, leaping high and brining his spear down and it stuck into Zion's back, but the big pony threw him aside, the spear in his back not seeming to bother him.

"Somnambula! The Kopiss!" 

I looked down at the weapons, "Which one is that?" 

"The crescent shaped blade!" Hisan shouted.

     I tossed him the blade, and just as Zion charged him Hisan brought the curved blade down on his shoulder, the blade sank into Zion's thick flesh and stuck.  Zion kicked Hisan backwards before he could retrieve his sword.

"The Axe!" 

I knew what that was, but there looked to be about five axes so I just picked out a nasty-looking hatchet and Tossed it.  Hisan caught it and hacked it into Zion, and again the big pony didn't react, grabbing Hisan in a headlock, trying to choke him.

"The. . .long dagger, the thin one!" Hisan choked, "Then. . .the long sword,"

I was confused as to why Hisan was planning ahead how, but I did as he asked.  Hisan caught the thin dagger and stabbed it blindly over his shoulder, the thin blade sliding into Zion's forehead, just below the armor of Zion's helmet.  The Big earth pony stumbled back, twitiching and shaking, his eyes vacant.  I was so stunned at how quickly he lost, I almost forgot to toss Hisan the long sword.  When Hisan caught it, he took one mighty swing, and Zion's head rolled across the stone floor.  There was silence for the long moment after that, the cheers and jeers of the Gurkhas stopped immediately, and all that could be heard in the galleria was the hoof steps of Hisan as he picked up Zion's disembodied head and held it to the Gurkhas.

"Baratas!  This pony was my enemy, and he was your enemy!  He killed your leaders!  He starved your people!" HIsan shouted. "You, are my allies.  My army outside this city will help any of you in need of aid, we have food, water and doctors.  Zion is dead, let that be heard throughout the land!  The Baratas are free!" 


----*----


Later, Jasmine was tending to Hisan's wounds In Dew Drop's palace.  He'd insisted he didn't want to stop to rest until he was sure each one of the conscripts where fed and cared for, but the sight of his ripped up back was scaring the children so Jasmine finally convinced him to take a break and let her treat his wounds.  I was busy with those poor conscripts, trying to hide my worry about Hisan.  I'm ashamed to say I kissed him again before he went to get washed up.  He was more handsome to me as a brave warrior prince than he ever was as a womanizing prince.  I was honestly conflicted, I loved Jasmine so much, but Hisan. . .I could see him as a husband. 

Jasmine poured warm water over Hisan's back to wash his shallow wounds, blood all over the white Quartz floor.  Jasmine tenderly wrapped soaked gauze over the clean wounds, the hard medicine making him wince.

"Hisan, how is it you can be sliced across the back like that and not flinch but a little iodine makes you wince?" 

Hisan laughed, "I'm not immune to pain, I just don't react to it in combat." 

"I understand." Jasmine said, carefully wrapping the bandages. "That was a very brave thing you did, Fighting Zion.  You may have saved us from war."

"Thank you Jasmine." Hisan said, smiling shallowly. "You and Somnambula where very brave, you stood by me in combat, you two make a good team."

Jasmine smiled her perfect smile, "I'd like to think so." She said with love.

Hisan was quiet for a while, "Jasmine, I see you bought those pearls, are they for Somnambula?"

Jasmine blushed, "Yes it is, my prince."

Hisan's face seemed to drop, his smile weaken. "Jasmine, what is you intentions with Somnambula?" He asked plainly.

Jasmine stopped working for a brief moment, "Hisan, it's for her, she loves pearls."

"I'll ask you again, Jasmine and I want an honest answer." Hisan said in a commanding voice. "What is your intentions with Somnambula?"

Jasmine looked directly into the Prince's eyes, "I think you know already." She replied. "I intend to ask her to marry me."

"My Marefriend? My special somepony?" Hisan demanded, "Is it the practice of temple wardens to steal a mare out from under their best friend?"

Jasmine never got angry, but I think in that moment she was close as she ever got. "Hisan, Somnambla is not a plot of land or the last slice of honey bread, she is a living, breathing adult woman!  She can choose who she wants and I will honor her choice, so should you."

Hisan calmed, but as he sat there was still a scowl on his face, "You speak as if you know who she will chose." He said. "If she chose me, how would you feel?"

Jasmine paused, "I would be . . .happy for her, and for you."

Hisan scoffed, "I know that, but how else would you feel? Be honest with me Jasmine, you owe me that."

Jasmine realized what Hisan was getting at. "I would be heartbroken." She said. "I love her with all my heart, I will never love another, she completes me."

"And. . . I could never forgive myself for doing that." Hisan admitted. "I love your optimism Jasmine, I truly do.  However you must realize that some things can have no silver lining.  However this turns out, whomever Somnambula chooses one of us will be eternally happy, and one will be heartbroken."

"I understand that my prince," Jasmine said wrapping an outer bandage over Hisan's wounds. "I just. . .don't understand how both of us loving her is a bad thing."

"I don't think it is." Hisan agreed. "But, the method has taught me, that when something you must do cases you pain, don't let the pain control your actions.  Do what you must do for the greater good."

"For Somnambula, I'd do anything." Jasmine said, "Even stand beside her, as she marries another.  It would be painful, but still there would be happiness."

Hisan nodded, a tear forming in his eye. "I appreciate that Jasine, I really do.  So what I'm about to say, might come as a surprise." He said. "Ask her to marry you, and when she says yes, you promise me you'll spend the rest of your life, making her the happiest mare in the kingdom."

"Really?"

"Yes." Hisan said. "I know she feels for me too, but you belong together, and I can't stand the thought of coming between that.  It will no be easy, but for her I would do this."

"What if she says no?" 

Hisan laughed though his tears, "Well, polygamy is still legal, I could just marry you both of you and you two can have a torrid affair behind my back."

Jasmine laughed heartily, "You know, that wouldn't be so bad," she said, "Even sounds kinda sexy,"

"And maybe I'd have the option to join you two on occasion," Hisan joked.

"Oooh, it just got sexier," Jasmine laughed, "But. . .seriously Hisan.  No matter what, you and I will always be friends, and I will always love you."

"I love you too, my friend." 


----*----



Bomani was quite a pony, I tried my best to keep up with him as he supervised the forces to help the starving conscripts but after eight straight hours of pulling wagons of supplies and carrying cisterns of water from the river, I had to head up to palace to get some sleep. Bomani had fought a battle that included a gigantic lion but he was showing no sign of stopping when I wished him a good night he was supervising the medics, who were treating hundreds of young Baratas who were suffering from dehydration.   It must have been late when I got back to the palace, the servants had lit the oil lamps lining the white marble halls.  Jasmine told me she'd be treating Hisan in the guest quarters of the palace.  This was Dew Drop's palace, and she was dead now, I wondered who would take charge here now, who were all these servants serving?  Who was going to lead the city now?  What would become of Panampen when we left? Would there be new elections? THe Baratas had almost no leaders left. . .it may be turbulent times for them.

When I got to the quarters, I saw the exhausted Jasmine and the wounded Prince Hisan laying together in the expansive four-post bed.  Hisan was awake, and cradling the sleeping Jasmine.  He motioned for me to be quiet, and I realized Jasmine hadn't had much sleep on the trip here, she must had been even more exhausted than me.  I didn't say a word, I wiggled under the covers and slid up between Hisan and Jasmine, doing my best to snuggle up to them both.  I cradled Jasmine, as Hisan held me, and soon found myself asleep in that tender embrace.

I don't remember my dreams very well, I just remember flashes.  I remembered being torn in my dream between loving the most lovely mare in the kingdom, and the most handsome stallion I ever knew.  I could feel both of them, and I knew as much as I liked being in the middle of this pony sandwich, it was a short term solution.  When finally Awoke I was surprised by a very rare sight indeed; a slumbering Bomani in a chair next to the bed.  I swear I hadn't seen him sleeping in years.  Hisan was already awake, I knew this because he was gone, and Jasmine was sitting quietly by a window, watching the dawn.  I trotted to her, giving her a tender kiss.

"Look," Jasmine said pointing, "The southern cross is still visible with the second light of dawn,"

"Really?" I asked groggily, "What does that mean?" 

"It means somepony will receive joyous news," Jasmine said, a hint of nervousness in her voice. "Judging by the violet in the dawn, it will regard love."

"Well, that's good." I said with a giggle.

"It can also mean difficult news," Jasmine said, "Not bad news. . .just hard to take.  I'm honestly not sure, I've never seen these signs before."

We heard Bomani moan, waving a hoof at us and rolling over so he didn't face us.

"We'd better leave him to his rest," Jasmine said. "Poor Bomani is good at most things, but not getting good sleep."

We puffed up a pillow and stuffed it under Bomani's head, pulling one of the silk blankets up over him and stepped to the dining room where the servants brought us a morning meal. Baratan food was a little spicy, but it was a nice change.  The entire time We ate Jasmine and I talked about mundane things, taking a break from the excitement of our quest.  

"My love, I think I should assist the medics." Jasmine said as we finished the meal. "I think Hisan is gathering what is left of the tribal governments, to figure out who will be in charge."

I nodded, "I should help." 

"That's why the prince brought you." Jasmine admitted. "Somnambula, I have something important to ask you you. . .tonight.  If you will meet me near the date palms at the square."

My heart thumped, "Sure," I squeaked as Jasmine gave me a kiss and flew off toward the medical tents.

I must had had the biggest, stupidest smile on my face as I walked down the street. . .the stars was aligned for love and Jasmine needed to "Ask me Something" What else could that possibly mean but her asking me to marry her? I imagined that first kiss of our engagement, telling my father, going to the seamstress for my wedding dress!  

Then, amidst my joy I thought of Hisan.  I thought of how he would feel when the news came to him, I could almost hear his heart break.  Then I wondered how we'd go about breaking off the courtship, every noble in the kingdom had gotten used to seeing the two of us together, what would they think?  I had to admit I felt a sense of loss when I thought of not going out with him anymore.  No more picnics, or social events.  I realized I'd miss the feeling of his kiss. . . Jasmine would understand if I wanted to wait, right?

How in the world could I sort this out? I loved them both!  I had no idea of what my next move should be, I was totally lost!  Then I realized. . .I really was lost!  I hadn't been paying attention to where I was walking as I thought about all the goings on, and currently I was headed down some dark alley.  A local child, a short earth pony in a huge white turban held my shoulder.

"Miss, you don't want to go down there," The child said. "A unicorn witch lives there, she turns ponies into frogs!"

"Wha- really?" I asked, the strangeness of the situation snapping me out of my musing.

"Yes, she's a fortune teller, but not many ponies are brave enough to see her for guidance."

Back then, unicorns where somewhere between a rumor and a myth in southern Equestria.  They seemed to exist nowhere but in fairy tales.  I had things to do, but I'd be no good to Hisan if I came to the meetings as flustered as I was then.  Perhaps a little adventure would clear my head, and if this unicorn was a fortune teller maybe she could help out.

Down the alley there as just one door, a crystal ball carved into a wooden sign by the door, and I pushed it open.  Behind the door was a simple stone room, shelves all around filled with books, scroll and what I assumed was magical trinkets.  There was a few rough wooden stools and tables.  Then I spotted the unicorn, a real unicorn! I don't need to tell you, that the white coated unicorn with the tri-colored mane I saw in the shop was the most beautiful unicorn I'd ever seen.  She was real, horn and all!  The unicorn smiled at me pleasantly, as if she was expecting me.

"Hello," She said breathily, 

"Hi, I'm Somnambula," I said quietly.

"Don't be shy, I'm not going to turn you into a frog."

"Good," 

"I mean you cast a transmutation spell on ONE crooked sheriff and you wind up with a reputation!" She said.

"What can I call you?"

"I am the wind, I am the stars, I am the earth.  I came to commune with the realm, and learn it's secrets," The unicorn was interrupted by a frog jumping access the floor in front of her. "Don't worry, that's nopony important," 

I wasn't sure if she was joking, but I still laughed. "I heard you're a Fortune teller,"

The unicorn grinned, "Oh yeah!  I can do that!" She said, as if she'd just remembered.

The Unicorn set out a seat for me, a small wood end stool and patted it so I would set down.  I watched her retrieve an oak box off a shelf, and from it levitating a smooth crystal ball. . . I'd never seen a pony levitate anything before, that alone was worth the detour.  She put both forehooves onto the table.

"Now hold my hooves," The unicorn said.

I gently took her hooves, "Is this for. . .psychic energy or something?"

"No," The unicorn said with a smile as she tenderly stroked my forelegs.  "Mm, you must take milk baths, your coat is so soft!"

I blushed and pulled my hooves back, "Aren't you a sweet talker." 

The unicorn giggled, "Okay, all fun aside readings are one copper," 

"That's pretty reasonable for seeing the future," I said, pushing the coin across the table.

The unicorn bit it, and levitated it into a clay pot on the shelf. "So, what do you wish for me to see when you gaze into the ball?  Certainly you aren't in need of Beauty tips."

I giggled, "Well. . . I'm in a bit of a spot.  I'm in love with a mare, and In love with a stallion.  I don't know how to deal with two ponies wanting me at once."

"Well. . .three now that I've met you," The Unicorn said with a wink.

I blushed again, this unicorn was a flirt.

"It's just. . .If I choose one I break the other's heart," I lamented. "It's a bit of a pickle,"

"Well, it sounds like it." The Unicorn agreed, gazing into the ball, "I can see you clearly love both of them. . . If you have a token of them I can look into them."

I thought, and realized Hisan gave me the broach I was wearing and put it on the table.

The Unicorn waved her hooves over the crystal ball, and I could swear as she did it her eyes change colors for a brief second.

"Ahh, he is of royal blood, an important, brave stallion," She said, distantly. "He loves you, so much, he would spend the rest of his life using all his riches to give you happiness, but there would always be something he could never give you."

"So. . .don't marry him?" 

"He would make you happy, he would do his best." The unicorn said, not quite answering my question. "Do you have a token of the other?"

I picked out the dried flower Jasmine gave me and gently set it on the table.

"Oh my," The Unicorn breathed, "By the sun, I've seldom felt a love so pure, so deep as her love,"

"That's Jasmine," I said with a warm smile.

"Yes, the other will make you happy but this one. . . With her is joy eternal. . .for not just you but for all," The Unicorn's eyes turned dark, "But with it is suffering, pain like a scarcely know how to describe,"

"How can it be both?"

The Unicorn shook her head, "I'm not sure, I don't know how this can be, but with her I see so much joy, and so much pain."

"What should I do? Should I marry her?"

The Unicorn looked up at me, tears running down her cheeks, "You love her so much, you have already decided." She said. 

At that moment I had no idea why she was crying, but I felt the need to comfort her.  I touched shoulder, and she seemed to collect herself.

"Somnambula, I will say this. . .you fret over an abundance most would wish to have, so many ponies love you, and far more will in the future.  And while the future is dark, I see great victories, wonderful times ahead among the darkness.  You will not just endure Somnambula, you will thrive."

I smiled, "Thank you."  I said, "I'm actually on the way to a meeting of elders, I'd better go."

"Of course." The Unicorn said. "I will see you again."

I stepped back into the street, mind far more clear than it was before.  I still felt uneasy about how Hisan would feel, but I knew what I had to do.  Then, I realized I left the flower and my brooch in the the shop and realized what the unicorn said was right. . . She WOULD see me again!  She was good at what she did all right!

I turned back around and pushed open the door. . .but I was stunned at what I saw. . .no more was the room full of books and artifacts, but brick ovens, and ponies kneading dough on wooden benches.  The floor was covered with flour and sesame seeds, and the ponies working on their dough gave me curious looks.  

"Where's the unicorn?" I asked, 

"Just bread here, My lady." One of the bakers replied.  

And as I turned to the door, neatly set on the shelf next to a jar of honey, the flower and the broach along with a small parchment note that simply read: "love her, cherish every day."  I nodded, and decided I liked that advice, that's just what I would do.

----*----

Prince Hisan and Bomani where quite right about the Baratas, they where no fan of Zion.  He demanded loyalty from them, and those who didn't train he'd starve.  Some of the conscripts where so starved Jasmine and the rest of the medics had to mash rice into a paste and give it to them a spoonful at a time, as solid food could have killed them.  Zion had killed all the tribal leaders except for his loyal officers. . .luckily they where the six we where fighting.  ALl of them where either dead or so maimed they where no threat.  

Hisan and I spend the entire day with the conscripts, many of them no more than teenagers, they where so sick and hungry they didn't even know how they'd get him.  The leadership of Panampen soon came out of Hiding when word go out that Zion was dead and while Hisan and I tried our best, they didn't want to allow any of the Kingdom citizens back into Panampen just yet.  There where a lot of ponies who agreed with Zion's philosophies and the counsel was reluctant to have a whole bunch of Pegasi come storming back into the city before things calmed down.  The Noble's and the merchants wouldn't be happy that their operations here would be on hold, but it was for the best.  Things would be shaky with the Baratas for a while but at least there wasn't a war.  

We'd just said our good evenings to the counsel and the conscripts, feeling the cold breeze of the dessert night just before the sun dipped low in the sky.  We paused at the square, where the date palms where, Hisan just stood by me, taking a brief moment to take in the sky.  

"Well, quite a day." Hisan said. "I'm glad you where there, Somnambla."

"Oh, I don't know I did that much."

"Nonsense." Hisan said, dissuasively.  "Due to my military history, ponies often find me intimidating.  I rarely get anypony to open up, but you have genuine compassion, and caring and ponies see that."

"Aww, you really think so?"

Hisan turned to me and smiled. "It's true Somnambula, it's very true.  You are so warm and caring, it's why I love you.  For how you seem to light up every room you come into, for how when I'm with you I feel like I can do anything.  You are a special Mare, and you've made me very happy."

I gave Hisan a curious look, he was speaking in past tense, did he know about Jasmine coming here?

Then, before I could say a thing Hisan started walking back to the palace, I went to follow and he looked back at me, eyes bearing a kind of sadness.

"I think, It's time to put an end to our-" His voice became weak and distant, interrupted by a sharp breath that was holding back a sob. "Our courtship.  I will inform the court when we return, it's been wonderful, I will always love you." 

Before I could ask him why he was saying such things. . . I saw Jasmine enter the square, looking at me though soft eyes.  Then I realized, Hisan did know, he must have known.  Hisan wanted to take the conflict from my mind, get out of Jasmine's way as much has it caused him pain.  He really was a sweet guy.

"Somnambula, you came." Jasmine said, breathily.

"Of course I did," I said, giving Jasmine a tender kiss. "How did things go with the medics?"

"Just fine," Jasmine said, "There's some of the conscripts who will need some time to recover but they'll be just fine.  How was the summit?"

I nodded, "Good." I admitted. "There's going to be a lot to work out, but the Baratas are our allies again."

"Wonderful." Jasmine said, nodding. "My love, I'm going to be honest with you. . .I'm very nervous."

I giggled, "Don't be nervous, you're with me."

Jasmine smiled, Holding my hoof, "Yes, and being with you is all I want." She said. "You are . . .will be the mare I love.  I can imagine no other life, but a life with you."

Jasmine produced a string of glittering pearls and hung then around my neck, now I was nervous to.

"I offer you this, Somnambula Daughter of Zaan, as a promise." Jasmine said, "If you choose to accept it, you and I will be married."

I shivered with excitement, held Jasmine close and kissed her tenderly. "My love, I accept your gift, and I would be honored to marry you." 

And, on that cold dessert evening Jasmine and I became engaged, and it was the beginning of the happiest days of my life.  From Panampen, we traveled back home and as promised Hisan announced the congenial end of our courtship, and Jasmine and I met with my parents to give them the good news.

I wasn't so worried about Daddy, but I was a little concerned with Mom.  Where I thought she'd be a bit crass toward Jasmine for stealing me away from a rich prince, but I shouldn't have underestimated her.  My mother cried with joy, holding Jasmine and declaring her excitement at having a new daughter.  Then, she started intricately planning what the two of us would WEAR at the wedding.  I think Mom was more interested in how beautiful we'd both look than any other aspect of the ceremony.

Of course, this was not easy on Hisan.  Though he hid it well, informing his father himself and the Pharaoh sent us wine and dates as an engagement gift, Hisan himself sending fine pottery for our future home.  I couldn't help but notice, he didn't come to deliver these himself.  He was in a lot of pain, and I later learned how his best friend Bomani helped him through that pain. . .he took Hisan to a brothel.


----*----


"The Shining world" was the name of our cities brother, and naturally Hisan had never been there, but when Bomani led him to the unassuming stone building he was surprised at how close it was to the Palace.  Of course being a brothel, where ponies came to forget their troubles and enjoy a little harmless pampering it was a place to go alone, and anonymously.  So naturally there where no signs.  To keep rumors from circling, HIsan was wearing none of his royal vestments, and was wearing a simple hooded robe.  

The first thing that struck Hisan was that he didn't see any other customers, it was only him and Bomani as they walked to the beautiful veiled mare next to the narrow door.  Immediately the mare bowed when she saw the prince, recognizing him.

"My Prince!" She breathed, "You honor me,"

"Etta, relax!" Bomani said, helping the mare up. "This isn't prince Hisan, It's my good friend Ephram, the grain merchant!"

The Mare looked, "Oh, I see." She said. "Well then Welcome to the Shining world, Ephram, seller of grain.  Great Bomani, would you and your friend like to be serviced today?"

"No, just a hot bath and a shampoo." Bomani said. "we need but to relax."

"Of course, follow me." 

Entering the building the two where lead through winding corridors, like a maze.  Hisan realized that the building must have been constructed to keep customers from seeing one another.

"She believed your lie about me being a merchant pretty easily," Hisan observed.

"That's just the standard fake name ponies use when they want to be treated like a normal, average pony and not a noble, or a prince." Bomani admitted. "I've been Ephram a few times.  It's quite refreshing to just being a boring pony."

"I see," Hisan said. "And they won't be offended I don't want. . .service?" 

Bomani laughed, "No, this place isn't as salacious as people make it out to be." He said. "Most ponies just come here to relax and soak in a hot bath, or listen to soft music.  It's more about luxury than sex."

The two were led into a candlelit room where a sizable raised pool stood over a smoldering fire, warming the water.  Several beautiful mares sat at the side of the bath, playing harps and flutes softy, Bomani took the lead, slipping off his armor and clothing and slipping into the hot tub with a relieving sigh.  He motioned for Hisan to join him, and the Prince followed suit, finding the warm water carried away quite a bit of tightness in his muscles.  Even Prince Hisan rarely had a bath, with water an important commodity in the kingdom almost everyone just scrubbed up with a sponge and a bowl.  A hot bath was a decadent luxury indeed.

"Ahh, now isn't this nice?" Bomani asked.

"I can't help but think I'm in a In a gigantic stew pot," Hisan laughed, "but it is very nice."

A mare sat next to the bath with a serving platter of sliced pineapple, "May I serve you?" She asked sweetly.

Hisan's eyes grew wide, "No, Maddame that won't be necessary," He said, blushing.

"She means the fruit," Bomani laughed, 

"Oh, I'm sorry," Hisan said, "That would be delightful, thank you."

The Mare just smiled, not seeming to mind the implication as she tenderly fed the fruit to Hisan.

"My friend, you don't need to worry.  This place isn't as scandalous as you might think, actually it's all rather innocent."  

Just as Bomani finished his proclamation, a sizable earth pony stallion entered the room, twice the size of Bomani with unshorn fetlocks and sizable muscles.  He rubbed Bomani's shoulders a bit to rough to be called "gently" and grinned a seductive grin.

"Mmm, my pretty little mare as come back to me," The Stallion said in a deep, commanding voice. "How I've missed the way you satisfy me,"

Bomani blushed as Hisan held back laughter. 

"Innocent?" Hisan asked with a chuckle.

"Oh my little mare is anything but Innocent," The Stallion said seductively.

"Not today, Millstone." Bomani said To the big stallion. "I'm entertaining a friend."

"Lucky Friend," The Stallion pouted, as he left. "I guess I must endure another cold night without you.  Call me if there is anything you need." 

Hisan smiled knowingly at his friend, "Well, quite an interesting choice of companions. . .my little mare."

Bomani chuckled nervously, not responding as he dipped his head under the water.

"This trip was worth it just to learn that little bit of trivia," Hisan teased.

Bomani popped his head back up, claiming some pineapple from the serving mare and sneering.

"It's not as if I judge you, I just never thought you the type."

"Well, I'm usually not." Bomani said, clearly embarrassed. "Understand, my prince that when I am with a mare, she knows I am a warrior, a man of strength, she expects me to- how can I put this politely?"

"Take charge?" Hisan offered.

"Exactly, and usually I don't mind." Bomani said, "But, sometimes it's nice for another pony to be . . . the aggressor.  If that makes any sense." 

Hisan nodded, "Millstone seems very aggressive."

Bomani chuckled shyly. "He really is."  He admitted. "But enough about me, this trip is for you."

Hisan sighed, "Well, I thank you for that my friend.  It's good to know you think of me. . .but I honestly don't know if this is going to make me feel better.  I doubt I will feel better for quite some time."

"You really do love her,"

"I do." 

"I was in love once, My prince." Bomani said, leaning back in the steaming water.

"Who, MIllstone?"

Bomani sneered, "No, I refer to Miriam." 

"The one from the vineyard? Hisan asked. "I know we spent time in school together but I didn't know you where aquatinted,"

Bomani nodded, "We where." He said. "All through school, and after school for a few years.  Her father wouldn't agree to a courtship, since my family is common born but we still saw one another.  Those where the happiest days I can remember.  We'd sip the new wine in the cat tails near the river and just. . .lie there until the sun came up.  I could talk to Miriam about anything, and I did.  She made me feel alive, I loved her so much."

"You never told me about her,"

"Well, it ended badly." Bomani lamented. "She is staunchly against war, and violence.  She never even ate fish, she said she couldn't abide taking a life.  This when I was just starting to get my reputation, I'd already fought the Black Claws.  She tried to deal with it, but I could tell it tore her up inside to know I hurt others.  So I told her I'd go back to my family's mines, give up the sword and ask her to marry me." 

"You where willing to do that for her?" 

"I was willing, but I wasn't able." Bomani admitted. "That was when you asked me to join your personal guard, and I that I could not turn down. I had a futile hope Miriam would understand, that maybe she'd be okay with it because I was protecting instead of attacking.  In the end she called it off.  We havn't spoken since."

"I'm sorry," 

Bomani shrugged, "Don't be." He said. "It's as it should be, you see Hisan, I was born a warrior, and she was born a pacifist.  I couldn't deny who I was, neither could she.  Somnambula and Jasmine are in love, can't deny that."

"I realize that, What's the point?"

"I don't know, I just thought it might help to know I'm right there with you, my friend." Bomani said.

"Well, how do you deal with it?  How did you get over Miriam?"

Bomani sighed as the mare served him another slice of pineapple, "That's the worst part my Prince, I'm not over her.  I'm just used to not being over her." He laughed. 

"Again, not helpful."

Just then a veiled white unicorn entered with two tabs of soap and a wash bowl, sitting down near Hisan, gently setting his mane in the bowl of warm water and gently shampooing his mane.  

"I'm a mane therapist, and I can tell you carry a lot of stress in here." The unicorn said.

"Matters of love," Bomani explained.

"Ooh, poor thing." The unicorn said, reaching up to wash Hisan's beard with the suds from his mane. "You must have loved her very much."

"I did." Hisan said, relaxing at the Mare's attention. "She was one in a million."

"It must be so sad, to love a mare so much and not have the feeling returned."  The Unicorn said rinsing the soap from Hisan's mane and beard. 

"Well, she does love him," Bomani offered. 

"Oh, I see." The Unicorn said, moving on to Bomani's mane, massaging it gently. "It must be even harder to be in love and never see her again."

"Well, I will see her again, We work together, she's just marrying another." 

"Oh, she's being forced to marry some fat, ugly noble or cruel merchant Baron, so sad."

"No, you have it all wrong," Bomani laughed as he relaxed into the mane massage, "Somnambula is marrying Jasmine, His- that is Ephram here, really cares for them both and he stepped aside so they could be happy."

"Oh I see, that's so wonderful!" The Unicorn said happily as she rinsed Bomani's mane, "So Ephram bravely stepped aside becuase he cares so much for his friends and now two ponies who are in love can be together."

"You know, when it's put like that it doesn't seem so bad," Hisan said, reflecting. "I'd much rather be with her, but I think we're in the best of all situations," 

"I suppose we are." Bomani admitted, he turned to the unicorn, squinting. "My dear, I don't recognize you, did you just start working here?"

The Unicorn giggled as she leaned in and kissed Bomani gently on the lips, "I don't work here!" She said, and without further explanation she left the two stallions to their bath.


----*----


Neither Jasmine, nor I had any desire for the grand weddings that where so common in the kingdom.  The idea of thousands of ponies who barely knew us milling about, using our wedding as some kind of social gathering bothered me.  My mother was reluctant, as was Jasmine's but they trusted our wishes and only invited a few to our special day.  Since the Pharaoh and the Prince where invited, we practically had to keep the date of the wedding secret so jet-setting nobles didn't crash the party.

We had our wedding three days before offering day, with only a few dozen close freinds and family invited.  We bowed and drank from the same wine, spoke the rites of marriage and then I was Jasmine's wife.  Even though the wedding was small, the celebration was large.  We opened the good barrels, music played, and I danced with Jasmine for the first time as her wife.  There was so much joy that day, in that moment that I still feel whenever I think of Jasmine.  

I remember every moment of that day, the Pharaoh congratulating us, Hisan hugging us both, Apedi setting Atanen on my shoulder so I could feed him, Sedeh getting far to drunk on the wedding wine and smashing pumpkins with her mace to the delight of all.  Bomani, singing along with the musicians.  If Bomani never became a warrior, he could have been a singer.  He truly had the voice of an angel.  The song he chose was a bit sad, as beautiful as it was.

"Love is madness, and Quick to burn, lying in the Embers, is where we are.  If if my promise, is unreturned, before the day is over, I will Depart."

I don't think he was singing it for Jasmine and I, I think he was singing it for Hisan.

"If I'd chose, I'd have you stay, but I gave my heart to you and it's yours to break,"

As we danced, I saw Hisan looking at us joyfully, and somehow sorrowful at once.  I saw him take a long drink from his goblet, and somewhere during that sad song his mood improved.  He walked up to Jasmine and hugged us both at once, without words.  In that embrace, I think Hisan finally let me go.  

Our wedding was only a few months after Panampen, but my family had just enough time to prepare our dowery.  Father gave us twenty acres of the family land, and all our friends had chipped in to build us a house, Jepti had even made himself at home, already claiming a comfortable spot by the window when we arrived.  I walked though those doors for the first time with my wife, Which was a feeling beyond joy.  We looked upon our comfortable sitting room with a handsome fireplace, the kitchen with it's clay stove, the bedroom with it's large oak bed.  We walked to the small pond on our land, and together saw the sun set over the fields of our new home.  

"This is so amazing," I said, petting Jepti who had come outside to rest on my lap. "We're going to live here,"

Jasmine nodded, resting her head on my shoulder. "Oh yes, we'll have so many memories here," She said. "You'll come home after a long day on the hives, and I'll have your dinner ready. I'll make fresh bread in our oven, fry fish in the fireplace, and after dinner we'll sit out here and watch the sunset."

"What if I want to cook?" I said with a giggle. "I make good fried eggs,"

"That you do my love, but that's for breakfast." Jasmine said. 

"So, I'll handle breakfast, you can do dinner. . .what about lunch?" 

"Silly, you don't PREPARE lunch, it's just fruit." Jasmine said, kissing my neck.

"I usually have rice for lunch, or a nice spicy pasta" I said, "You just eat fruit?"

"You didn't know that?" 

"Now that I think of it, I've never had lunch with you." I said as I stroked Jasmine's mane tenderly. 

"I guess we're going to learn a lot about each other, now that we're married."

I felt my heart beat a little faster when she said that, and I got that big goofy smile of love on my face. "Yeah, married. I'll never get tired of hearing that."

Jasmine kissed my cheek and headed back toward our hose, pausing in the doorway, looking over her shoulder with that perfect smile.  

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"The sun is set, my love." Jasmine said, "It's officially my wedding night, I was going to our bed."

"Ohh, mind if I join you?" I joked, standing back up.

"It wouldn't be much of a wedding night, without my wife." Jasmine said,

I had tears of joy.


----*----






Offering day was different that year, because it was the first year that Jasmine and I would stand before the Sphinx as a married couple.  It was her advice that brought the two of us together a year ago, her advice is why I followed my heart.  I coulnd't wait to tell her I was Jasmine's wife, there would be such joy on that enormous face.  At the Appointed time, the Pharaoh and Hisan awaited in front of the podium, the musicians waiting with instruments poised to play.

The Sphinx, did not come.

In hundreds of years, not once was she late.  Not once did she not appear in the early afternoon to begin her meal and teleport her offering to wherever she kept them.  No one started the feast before the SPhinx arrived, the food sat around the tables uneaten, growing cold as we all turned to watch the skies, hours past, clouds gathered, a light rain fell.

The Sphinx, still did no come.

The Pharaoh dispatched scouts to the Sphinx's temple, to the lake where she bathed and drank, to palace the ancients built for her, all the places where the Sphinx spent her time.  Bomani sent scouts to the nearest caravans in the deserts, to ask the Fremen and other nomads if they'd seen the Sphinx.  Apedi sent out his hawk, and loyal Atanen came back, each time reporting she saw no sign of our Goddess. We huddled under the canopies on the great plaza, waiting for word, fear growing that something was terribly wrong.

The Sphinx, still did not come.

As the sun started to set, the food on the tables had been taken away uneaten.  No joyous words where shared, no business deals discussed, the children did not play, it all felt wrong without that wonderful Sphinx looking upon our joy.  The scouts returned, and found no sign of the Sphinx anywhere, nopony from here to Pandemonium had seen sign of her.  Talk started to grow fearful, this had never happened before!  Could the Sphinx be hurt? Is it possible for her to be harmed? Was she sick? Would she ever return? What if we were alone now? What did this all mean?  Fear was rapidly growing, panic was edging closer and closer.  A child cried somewhere in the crowd, none of us knew how to comfort them.

Then, as the sky grew dark, as lighting leaped from cloud to cloud, the Sphinx came.

None of us knowing what to do, why she was so late, we bowed to her and cried.  I was so happy to see her, so happy that she hadn't been hurt and we weren't alone!  The Sphinx wasn't her normal joyous self as she collected the offerings and teleported them away.  Pharaoh stood before her as the thunder cracked, Unconcerned that the rain was pouring down upon him.  

"Great Sphinx I-"

"Bring me Bomani." The Sphinx said abruptly.

I couldn't tell if it was sadness or anger in her voice, or both.

"Of course," The Pharaoh said, confused as he motioned for Bomani.

Bomani gave Hisan and I a look, and climbed the pedestal to stand before the Sphinx. "Well, great Sphinx you finally caught me before I opened a barrel." He said, trying his best to be charming.

"General, I have just come from the land of the Baratas.  I was surprised at how intact the cities where, considering I blatantly told him to set them aflame."

Bomani bowed, "Great Sphinx, I'm sorry, I know what your orders where but I could not bring myself to do harm to innocents again." He said. "That is the honest truth."

The Sphinx turned her eyes from Bomani, and there may have been tears in here eyes but it was impossible to tell for all the pouring rain.  We where silent, our joy of the day turning to fear.  I held Jasmine close to me, and she kissed my cheek, and when I looked to her, I saw no fear in her. . .only hope.  

"I see your honesty, and I know you could not have done what I asked." The Sphinx said, "Your heart is to big, your mercy more powerful than your blade.  The fact still remains, you defied me Bomani.  For two score and ten generations I have watched over the lands of southern Equestra and no pony has ever once had the courage to defy me.  You are a rare sort, Bomani Ender of worlds."

A peal of thunder, a moment of reflective silence.  Then the Sphinx spoke again.

"There will be no blessings this year." The Sphinx said, quietly, sorrowfully. "Your mines will not be made abundant, your fields will not bear a surplus in the harvest, the rivers will not rise to water them.  The vermin will not be stopped, and the fish will flee from your nets.  If you double your offering on this day next year, I will reconsider giving you my blessings.  This decision is final."

None of us knew what to say, could we even survive Without the blessings of the Sphinx?  Then just before the Sphinx took flight Bomani rushed to her, and drew his sword, turning it around and pointing it to his chest.

"Great Sphinx!" Bomani shouted, his lower lip quivering, "It was I who defied you, It was I who failed you, I beg of you allow me to end my life in penance!  Say the word and I'll drive this sword into my heart, just don't hurt my people, let my life be my final offering."

The Sphinx gave what might be called a smile, if it wasn't tainted by such sadness.  With a flick of her paw, the sword was torn away from Bomani's grip.  

"You are more charming when you're sober." She said, comforting Bomani with a paw. "And, you did not fail me.  I would not want you to end your life, your people will need you now more than ever."

Without another word, and the Sphinx took flight, disappearing back into the dark clouds. Jasmine and I ran to Bomani, Hisan joining us, and the warrior cried into our embrace.  The Pharoah stood high on the podium, the wise old ruler trying to find the words to say.

"People of the Sphinx," The Pharoah said, "I don't know how to say this, but it appears the blessings of the Sphinx have been. . .rescinded." 

The crowd shouted out questions, 

"What does that mean!?"

"How will we survive?!" 

"The Fields will wilt without the water of the river!" 

"How will we double the offering?  What will be left to eat?" 

Then, my wonderful, beautiful wife Stood, and spoke.

"People, we are not helpless!" She shouted, "I am but a temple warden but I've seen the strength of our people!  The Sphinx has not just blessed us with her magic, she has taught us how to survive!  She taught Bomani the lessons he used to free the Baratas and avoid a war.  She told me follow my heart, we cannot loose hope!  Together we'll survive on our strength alone!"

The Pharaoh smiled, and hugged my wife, turning back to the crowd. "This young temple warden is wise beyond her years, and she is right!  The Sphinx has taught us what we need to know.  It will not be an easy time, but together we can do it!"

And just like that, there was hope in the eyes of the people, joy in their voices as they shouted and cheered.  I kissed my wife, and there was a fragile hope in the kingdom, that we could survive.  Even Bomani, in his grief stood tall and proud with his people.  IT was not the joy we had last year, but it was deeper than that.  It was pride, and tenacity.  We were determined to survive at any cost.

Do you see this tear in my eye? We come closer To the darkest days in the Kingdom. . .but what is it Princess Luna always says? Only in Darkness do the stars shine.  If only I could tell my younger self that. . .it might have helped that frustrated young mare get through those terrible times.  It's what you came for though, right? To hear my darkest secrets? 

I've been dancing around this long enough, and you deserve the whole truth.  Next time, I promise I'll tell you the part of the story nopony has ever heard before.  The best times of my life, and the worst.
