//------------------------------//
// Chapter 1: First Impression 
// Story: The Diamond & the Dragon Warrior 
// by AmethystMajesty25 
//------------------------------//



Wednesday

8:00 AM

Canterlot City



It’s been three weeks since the events of Fall Formal at Canterlot High. Now, everything is fine around the school and the students are excited about the upcoming musical showcase that’s happening in two days. 

...



...

Outside of the school, a roaring green mustang with black stripes on each side of the car and a blazing yin-yang insignia on the hood came by, driving around the city heading towards the school. Once the car was parked on the nearest free spot, the driver stepped out of the car and headed towards the main foyer. The driver revealed to be a young, teenage boy with light brown skin, dark brown eyes, and black hair. He wore eyeglasses, a silver hoodie jacket, silver sneakers, black jeans, black fingerless gloves and a green shirt with the same symbol just like the hood of his car. And he is called, “Beryl Fury.”







8:15 AM

Canterlot High School

Hallways



Beryl went inside the school to get to his locker. As he walked around the hallways to get to his locker, Beryl waved and greeted the students and teachers. Two minutes later, he found his locker and went to unlock it. Once that was done, he proceeded to grab his notebook and textbook for his first class. After that, Beryl continued walking down the hallways, until he heard a voice behind him coming from around the corner of the hallways. He decided to check it out for himself and continued walking down the hallways and found something that caught his eyes. Three punks named The Diamond Dogs were circling around Rarity. He carefully spied on them without any one of them noticing. The Diamond Dogs were getting closer to Rarity and cornering her against the lockers.

"C’mon babe, why don’t we ditch this place and hang out with us?," asked Spot.

"Yeah. After all, we helped you carry that piano to the music room and then all the way back right from where we started." , said Rover.

"And right now, I think it’s time for you to repay us." Fido added.

"Hmph. I don’t know what you’re talking about." shunned Rarity.

"Don’t lie to us, we know that you’re backing out on us again." Spot stated.

Then, the Diamond Dogs stepped closer to her, pinning her against the lockers.

"Ugh! Get away from me you filthy animals!" Rarity yelled as she slapped Spot away, leaving a burned mark on his face.

Rover and Fido grabbed and slammed Rarity against the lockers.

"We tried to this the nice way, but now, we’re going to do his the hard way." Spot demanded.

As the Diamond Dogs were ready to do something horrible to Rarity, Beryl had seen enough and ran up to the trio.

"Hey! Leave her alone you big stooges!" Beryl growled.

The Diamond Dogs turned around to see Beryl standing against them with a serious, angered look.

"Who are you calling us stooges?!" Rover angrily asked.

"We’re the Diamond Dogs!" Fido yelled.

"And we do whatever we-," said Spot before Beryl interrupted him.

It doesn’t matter what you guys do!  You three punks don’t run this place like it’s your yard, it doesn’t work like that.  I suggest you three better leave or else.

"Oh... scary.... and what are you going to do about it Four-Eyes?" mocked Spot. 

The Diamond Dogs laughed as Beryl took his eyeglasses off, placed it inside his right pocket of his jacket, and dropped his pack right next to the lockers.

Beryl taunted, "You dawgs want to fight? Go ahead, take your best shot."

Rarity gasped and the Diamond Dogs laughed after what Beryl said to them.

"Oh, you just dug your own grave nerd. Boys, take care of him." said Spot.

Both Rover and Fido cracked their knuckles and said, "No problem boss."

Beryl then got into a fighting stance and focused on both Rover and Fido.

Rover charged first and threw a punch right at him, but he dodged and then...

BAM!

Fury hit him with a spinning roundhouse kick right to the face.

Fido charged at him next and also threw a punch at him from behind.

Rarity yelled, "Watch out!"

As Fido threw the punch from behind, Beryl dodged it and he hit him with a...

SUPERKICK!

Right to the face as well.

Both of them fell in pain and Beryl took care of them with no sweat.  Spot and Rarity widened their eyes and dropped their jaws after they witnessed all of the action.  They couldn’t believe that Beryl knocked Rover and Fido out so fast.  Beryl turned around from behind and focused on Spot to give him an icy, cold stare.

"Do you want to be next, chihuahua?" threatened Beryl.

Beryl showed no remorse and stood there like a viper ready to strike.  

Spot became scared now as he looked right at him.  He then decided to back off and released Rarity from his clutches to grab his fallen comrades.

"This ain’t over yet nerd. You may have won this battle, but the war’s not over yet. We’ll get you next time!" Spot yelled.

Beryl answered, "And I’ll be looking forward to that as well."

The Diamond Dogs retreated from what they just witnessed from Beryl.

Beryl picked up his backpack and eyeglasses afterwards.  Then, he went to check on Rarity who is still shocked from what she has seen from him.

Beryl asked, "Say um, are you okay?"

Beryl then snapped his fingers twice.

Rarity shook her head and answered, "What? Oh...um, y-yes."

Beryl Fury: Don’t worry, I’m not going to hurt you. You’re safe now. You can go back to your class now.

As Beryl turned around and was ready to leave, he felt a finger tapping on his shoulder. He turned around and saw Rarity smiling.

Rarity: I personally wanted to say thank you for saving me back there.  I can’t imagine what will happen to me next...if you didn’t show up darling.

Beryl blushed as Rarity called him “darling.”

Beryl chuckled, "Umm, you’re welcome young lady.  I did this because I don’t like bullies who can do whatever they want.  And I won’t sit by and let anyone hurt you or other innocent people."

"Well, I’m very grateful for that. So once again, thank you darling." Rarity said as she blushed red a little.

She then gave him a big hug to Fury as a sign of friendship. Beryl hugged her back.  After that, it was over.

Beryl Fury asked, "So, why were those guys cornering you like vultures anyways? I’m sure they have names."

Rarity explained, "Those three were, Spot, Rover, and Fido. They have been trying to hit on girls, especially me the most for quite some time and it’s getting on my nerves."

"I’m so sorry to hear about that." Beryl apologized.

"It’s alright dear, I’ll be okay... thanks to you." said Rarity.

She then gave him a wink and a small punch to the arm.

"Good. I’m sure they won’t bother you again... but, I have a feeling that they might come back. If the Diamond Dogs or other punks who try to do that to you or anyone else again, call me and I’ll take care of them for you." Beryl said as he clenched his fists.

"Will do darling. Although, I suppose we haven’t met before, can you tell me your name please?" Rarity asked.

Beryl snapped out as if he was distracted by the aroma of the girl he just saved.

"Oh, I’m sorry. Where are my manners? My name is Beryl Fury."

"Pleasure to meet you Mr. Fury. My name’s Rarity." 

They both shook their hands.

"Rarity huh? That’s a beautiful name for a girl like you." Beryl complimented.

Rarity blushed deeply red and said, "Umm... thank you. No boy has ever complimented my name like that before. She then looked at Beryl's clothes.

Rarity complimented, "And I must say, your clothes looked stylish on you."

Beryl blushed and said, "Uhhh... thanks. I can say the same thing to you, they look gorgeous on you."

"Aww, thank you Barry dear." Rarity cooed as she blushed. 

Beryl Fury asked with a confused look, "Barry?"

"You don’t mind if I call you “Barry” do you?" asked Rarity.

She then gave him a seductive smile with her alluring eyes.

Beryl blushed and thought about it as if no one has ever called him by that name before. So, he decided to go with the flow.

"Uhhh...I don’t mind at all.  In fact, I think that nickname suits me very well." said Beryl.

Rarity said, "Well, I’m glad you liked it darling."

Rarity winked at him after that. Beryl blushed and smiled as he scratched the back of his head. He then went to grab his phone from his jean pocket to check the time. It was five minutes until first class.

"Say uhhh... I gotta go to class now, Flash is waiting for me.  I’ll see you later." Beryl said.

Before he was ready to leave, Rarity stopped him by grabbing his wrist.

"Wait. Before you go, can you be a gentleman and walk with me to my class please~?" Rarity asked.

She then gave him the pouty face.

Beryl couldn’t resist, it was too cute as he saw her face. He bit his lip and thought about the generous offer from her.  Rarity will be vulnerable to other punks that will try to get to her just like the Diamond Dogs. Barry had no other options left, so he gave up and decided to escort her to class. 

"Okay Ms. Rarity, if you say so." Beryl chuckled.

Rarity smiled, "Perfect. Let’s go!"

Both Rarity and Beryl walked together in the hallways to make sure no one attacks them.







Two minutes later...



They both made it just in time as students were heading towards their respective classes.  

"Well, I guess this is it. Thank you so much for taking me to my class Barry." thanked Rarity.

"No problem, it’s the least I can do for a friend like you." Beryl said.

Rarity cooed, "Aww, you’re so sweet darling. Anyways, au revoir Barry."

"I’ll see you later as well Rarity." Beryl said.

As Rarity was heading closer to her class, she had no idea that there was a banana peel lying on the floor.  Before Beryl went the opposite way to get to his class, he noticed the banana peel that Rarity was about to step on.  He then dropped his backpack and rushed through the hallways to warn her.

"Wait! Rarity, watch out!" warned Beryl.

"Huh?" Rarity asked as she turned her head around to get Beryl's attention.

It was too late. In slow motion, Rarity stepped on the banana peel and she was ready to fall. On the other hand, Beryl was almost inches away to save Rarity. Then, it happened. Fury caught Rarity just in a split second before falling on the floor. They both looked into each other’s eyes and blushed heavily. Thus, another moment was born between them.

After that, Beryl helped Rarity stood up they both separately brushed themselves off.  

"Well... that came out of nowhere." Beryl said.

"I know right? Whoever left that banana peel on the floor has no manners how to pick up and throw away trash." Rarity explained.

Beryl Fury added. "Tell me about it."

Beryl Fury & Rarity laughed after that. Then, the one minute warning school bell rang.

"Oh snap! I gotta go now, but it was nice meeting you and all. I’ll see you later." Beryl said.

"Okay Barry, I’ll see you later too." said Rarity.

And there he goes, Rarity watched as Beryl went to grab his backpack and pick up the banana peel. Next, he threw away the banana peel to the nearest trash can and rushed towards his first class. After that, Rarity headed towards Ms. Cheerlie’s class and sat right between Applejack and Fluttershy. Behind them were Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie.  

"Hello ladies!" Rarity greeted.

Her friends greeted back, "Hi Rarity!"

"You were almost late, what happened?!" Rainbow asked.

"I’ll explain everything when we go to lunch." Rarity explained.

"Alright, if ya say so." Applejack shrugged.

Rarity started thinking about the boy and the events that happened this morning.

The rest of the girls were confused.

"What’s up with her?" Rainbow asked.

"I don’t know." said Applejack.

"I hope she’s alright." Fluttershy added.

"Well, whatever it is, she must be thinking about something really happy!" Pinkie Pie cheered.

"I hope you're right." said Applejack.

The school bell rang as Ms. Cheerlie called her students to get her attention.

"Alright class, no more free time and let’s get down to business." Ms. Cheerlie said.

All eyes are now on locked and centered on Ms. Cheerlie as the first class of school is now in session.