//------------------------------//
// Chapter 1: Waking and Whoopsie 
// Story: Gazelle's Equestrian Tour 
// by Wayward Shadow 
//------------------------------//

Equestria, Canterlot Castle Guest Wing

With a yawn and stretch, the gazelle woke slightly with a light peek of her eyes before drifting off again. Her eyes then peeped back open in confusion, with an imaginary Jeopardy theme playing in her head. After an hour-feeling-minute and an imaginary lightbulb lighting, her eyes widened in complete shock and she bolted up into sitting position. “Where in Darwin’s name-" she began before suddenly clamped her “hands" over her mouth. Her shock of voice change became shock over her body...and gender...change from that action.

As panic began to set in, she began to dart her eyes around the equine themed room. Her panic stricken mind processed the gathered information from the room and her body, and from that, her subconscious began to shout, “Praise Darwin and Faust! I'm in Equestria and I'm the Pop Star Gazelle! Sunshine, Flowers, and Blueberries for everycreature!”

Unbeknownst to the excited/panicked gazelle, the room’s walls and floor began to warp and crack. Plants began sprouting from the cracks, growing towards and around her in their attempt to comfort the emotional doe.

The unusual plant infestation of the room didn't go unnoticed outside of the room as well. Since plants need sunlight to grow, much of the plants had to invade the sunlit hallway just outside the room. The guards that were assigned to watch the gazelle's door were greatly surprised when the door and the wall area around the door suddenly sprouted plants, forcing the two away from it, mostly in surprise.

One of the guards, an orange pegasus, turned to his fellow pegasus guard. “Go find Princess Celestia and her personal guard. I'm going to monitor the situation, and if I see an opportunity, I'm going in.” The guard nodded and flew off. The orang pegasus drew his sword and began to hack and slash at the plants and vines that were growing from the door. A few minutes of that and the plants seemed to learn and redirected their growth to around the door.

When the door was clear enough for him to open, he opened it and saw that the room was easily traversable. However, the gazelle that was in the room didn't appear to be there. Instead, the bed had what seemed to be a cocoon woven from vines and grass. “She's gotta be in there,” the guard thought to himself.

Pulling out his dagger, he began to carefully cut through the vines until he could see her. And she looked terribly distressed. Her light brown eyes seemed glazed over in shock and tears were streaming out almost uncontrollably. Feeling sympathy for the doe, he reached into the hole he made and placed a hoof on her shoulder.

Instantly, the gazelle's eyes seemed to clear up and looked in the direction the hoof came from. Her eyes met his and the plants stopped growing. The vine cocoon opened and retracted, allowing her to move forward and hug him. Initially surprised, the guard returned the hug, barely noticing that all the plants began to reverse in growth until there was nothing left but a ruined floor, door and walls.

As she cried and he comforted, he asked, “What's your name, miss?”

With a sniff and a brief confused look, she answered, “Gabriella Gazelle.”

“My name is Flash. Flash Sentry,” he said. Just as she was starting to calm down, the door fell off of it's hinges, due to the damage, showing Princess Celestia and Tempest. A few moments were spent in unmoving, awkward silence before Flash spoke. “Am I in trouble?”

Celestia giggled and shook her head. “No, you did the right thing. In fact, if only to compare, it seemed like how I met my former student.”

“So...a magic surge?” Tempest asked.

“Not necessarily,” Celestia corrected. “I sometimes forget you don't have much experience with magic. She simply lacks control, more than likely the emotional kind.”

“I can agree with that,” Flash said. “When I was in basic, the unicorn recruits had to learn how to keep calm in combat, otherwise their magic would go haywire. I found Ms. Gazelle crying during the incident. As she calmed down, the invading plants pulled back.”

“Please,” Gabriella said while clearing her tears. “Gabriella or Gazelle will do. The whole “miss" stuff makes me feel older than I am.” She then stood up from the bed, somewhat unsteadily. “Also, despite the tears, I had more going on in my head than just shock and sorrow.” She took a step forward, causing the floor to creak. “And I'm sure you'd like to know more about me, but I think we should go somewhere more structurally sound.”

“Yeah, that's for sure,” Tempest commented while examining the room's damage. “I've gotta say, I'm impressed. Even if it was accidental, you did a good job practically demolishing the room.”

Gabriella and Flash exited the broken room. “Thank you, I guess,” she responded. “So...umm…”

“Let's go to my office, and you can explain,” Celestia finished.



Equestria, Canterlot Castle Royal Office


After a lengthy walk to the office, and Celestia had ensured privacy, the conversation started. “So, anything anycreature wants to say before we get underway?” Celestia asked the small group.

Gabriella raised her hand. “Well, my depression was released earlier, and I have one more emotion to release. You can be ready to do what you must to keep the room intact.” She paused before she had a huge smile on her face and began squealing and dancing. “OhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygosh!!! I never thought that Equestria was real! Come to think of it, I never thought I would visit my favorite TV show setting as my favorite character from a completely different franchise! I personally don't think this is a dream; I experienced a full on bout of depression and that keeps me awake, so...wait.” She stopped dancing as her eyes widened. “I said all of that out loud, didn't I.” She glanced at everypony in the room, Flash and Tempest having completely confused faces, while Celestia's held curiosity. Gabriela had only three words. “Evolution Dang It!”