> Kamen Rider Alchemy
>  by Layton13
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Rebirth Of A Hero - Awaken, Kamen Rider Alchemy
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was early spring, the sun shining down onto the surroundinghilltops, birds singing and the wind gently blowing by. On a road leading to the outskirts of a city, a man clad in a black leather jacket, a helmet in the same color, a backpack and jeans, on his maroon motorcycle rides everclosure to its border.

“Good Morning Canterlot City to another wonderful day in this lovely place we call home. I’m Open Mike and I’m your host for the time being. The weather has graced us with pleasant temperatures and a clear sky, so the perfect day to go to the beach and enjoy the first waves of the year, who knows when you have the chance again. Sadly not everyone can just go out there and experience the relaxing embrace of the sunlight. So for those of you, like me, that still have to work, here is a local song that surely will cheer you up, the song “Dance Magic” from the Crystal Rainbooms, enjoy.” The radio in his helmet began picking up the local radio station and started to play a rather catchy song.

As he came closer to the outskirts of the town he moved past a residential area with small, but rather comfortable, looking houses. The area gave off a welcoming atmosphere and seemed pleasant enough.

Driving further a Highschool came into view, it was a huge building drenched in purple with a brown-red roof and several golden horse-head-ornaments placed at each corner of the building. A round glass dome toward over the school with an actual tower on top of it. In the courtyard a grey pedestal could be seen, strangely empty, that was encircled by a path that leads straight to the front entrance and with that to three glass double doors. To the right of the statue a massive golden horseshoe with an equally golden C in it, probably meaning Canerlot, could be seen. The courtyard was not abandoned, some students could be seen going about there normal lives, apparently, they had a break and used their short amount of free time to enjoy the sunlight before having to go back to there respective classes.

Two girls, one with a spring green complexion, cyan hair with a streak of white in it and pink top and light blue shorts, the other having a washed out yellow skin, cobalt, and pink hair, as well as wearing a white dress with two blue and a yellow stripe on it, are lying next to each other, eyes closed and apparently enjoying the soft breeze and the sun shining down on them.

On the grass next to them, two boys, one wearing a red t-shirt and a sleeveless brown jacket over it, orange skin and green hair hidden under a grey cap and the other wearing a yellow sweater with green collar, he wore black glasses and had purple skin with grey hair, were playing football. The one with the glasses aiming the ball at his friend, double checking if he aimed correctly and the …

Threw the ball in the complete other direction nearly hitting a blue haired boy with yellow-orange skin in a black jacket, that mear moments ago was playing his guitar, now was looking somewhat perplexed at the pair. The green haired boy started to rub the bag off his head and started to look in another direction while the other boy winked cowardly at the “attacked” student while trying to imitate a turtle and unsuccessfully attempted to hide his head in his body. But the boy with the guitar simply smiled and continued to play.

And last seven girls sitting before the podium, talking and laughing with each other. One with pink hair and a lighter skin tone, another one with light blue complexion and rainbow hair sitting on the right of the podium. The girl with the orange skin and blond hair was biting of an apple and covering one to the timid yellow girl with the pink hair. Another one of the girls, the one with the white complexion and purple hair meanwhile was talking to the girl with the glasses, purple skin and even purpler hair with streaks of a lighter shade of purple and rose hair between it. A girl with red and yellow hair and amber skin was sitting in the middle of them and was writing into a book with a big smile on her lips.

As he moved past the school he could feel a relaxing and happy atmosphere coming from it, it seemed to be a nice place, for school-standards at least.

After the school had passed the area changed from a residential district to a street with shops and restaurants on either side. He was sure he was getting closer to his destination.

A few turns later he had stopped before a restaurant, named the “Magnum Opus Pizzeria” in bright red letters with a golden outline and a black background. The pizzeria had a glass door with big windows to each side of it. The walls were made of sandstone bricks and so had the color of sand. Under the nameplate of the restaurant, the slogan could be read: “Magnum Opus Pizzeria, we make your wildest dreams come true!”. A small blackboard stood right next to the door and someone had written: ” Create your dream combo, combine all our ingredients and create your Magnum Opus!”, under the sentence, a rather long list of different fruits, mushrooms, meat and other ingredients were listed.

“Well, here it is. It can’t be too bad, can it?” he muttered to himself under his helmet and parked his bike. After turning off his radio and removing his helmet and opening his jacket, so the heat would not be too unbearable, more of his features were revealed. His short bright red hair with an orange streak in the middle was now visible and was accented well with his light orange skin. Under the jacket, a red t-shirt with a red and orange feather could now be seen. After stretching himself after the long rider with his bike he approached the door of the “Magnum Opus”.

The door opened, with the ring of a bell, and he stepped inside. The inside of the pizzeria was somewhat compressed, twelve wooden tables with four equally wooden chairs each were arranged so they were all spread out in the room but space was undoubtedly sparse. Still, it had its own charm. From the ceiling bay leaves and garlic-tubers were hanging on strings, probably to give the restaurant a mystical atmosphere. A flatscreen-TV was hung on the wall left from the entrance over the heads of the customers. The sandstone-like bricks that were visible outside were also used inside and gave the restaurant an rustic feeling. Surprisingly the restaurant was relatively well visited, no seat was left empty and everyone seemed to enjoy their pizzas.

A young woman, dressed in a blue t-shirt and a brown apron with the “Magnum Opus”-logo on it started to move towards him. Her electric blue hair was bound in a ponytail and mixed well with her bright yellow skin. She was leaning against a wall and didn't seem to be thrilled about the new visitor until she put on a smile and moved towards the newcomer.

“Good morning sir, do you have a reservation, if not we currently have no free tables, I’m really sorry.”

“Oh, no, I’m not here to eat. I’m looking for the owner, Thunder Cloud, I have something to discuss with him, so if you would be so friendly and bring me to him, I would greatly appreciate it.” The man replied to the waitress, all while sporting a smug smile.

“Thunder? He’s busy and didn’t tell me that someone wanted to talk to him, so would you please be so friendly and lea...”

“Phoenix! I knew I heard your voice.” A man with yellow skin and black hair had stepped out of the door to the kitchen. Over his grey t-shirt, he wore the same brown apron as the waitress, just covered in flour. His arms were extended outwards like he was presenting himself on a stage. Some of the customers had begun shifting their attention towards the man with a look of bewilderment on there faces. Strangely most of them didn’t even bother to look at the cook, just smiling at each other and some snickering. Apparently, this was normal here, which didn’t surprise Phoenix a single bit, he knew the man, Thunder Cloud, and acting this way was just normal for him.

Then he rushed towards him and began crushing him in a tight bearhug. “It’s so good to see you got here without any incidents, you know since that isn’t always sure with you.” Thunder basically shouted this next to Phoenix’s ear, all while steadily increasing the intensity of his hug.

Phoenix was first overwhelmed by his brother, but that wasn’t anything out of the usual, this quickly shifted into happiness to see his little brother and turned into frantically trying to get lose from him because he was feeling the air being hugged out of him. “Thunder. Thunder! Please … air … need … it … now.” Was all Phoenix could croak out.

“Air? Air! Ups, sorry I was lost in the moment, but it feels so good to see you again.” The cook released his brother, how in turn began gasping for air. “So we probably should continue this conversation somewhere else, or the people will start looking.” The waitress just leads her head fall into one of her hands and began to shake it, apparently unable to believe the obliviousness of her boss. Phoenix just gave him a simple smile and nodded while trying to get the flour, that was still sticking to him, off.

“Summer you take over for a short while, I’m busy.”

“Wait, wait, what? Take over? The restaurant is brimming and you want to hold a family reunion and leave the inexperiencedwaitress to do everything on her own?” She stammered trying to process what she just heard.

“Yes! I’m sure you can handle it and besides its only going to be twenty minutes tops, so just wing it till I’m back. And don’t forget, the show must go on!” And with that, he dragged Phoenix with him towards the kitchen door, but not before bowing to his customers and proclaiming: “I will be back soon, so long I will leave you in the capable hands of Summer Breeze, if any problem occurs she will be happy to help out in any way possible.”

Apparently, Summer had finally realized what had just happened and looked like she had just been instructed to kill an ancient demon that wanted to destroy the world. She didn’t seem happy, but Phoenix couldn’t make out more because he was dragged into the kitchen, a relatively small room with a workplace on the entrance side of the room and a pizza oven with other electronic devices to prepare food on the opposite side of the room, next to a door that apparently leads outside into a backstreet. He was the lead up the stairs that were located on right and lead to the first floor and into a living room.

The room was equivalent to the restaurant-area in size and was outfitted with a red couch, armchair and a small table, all of them facing a TV. On the other side of the room, a wall with books sorted into bookshelves could be seen. Paintings of pizza and other food were hanging on the walls, Thunder apparently had made his job something he treasured in his private life as well. A ding table with four sets was placed in the corner next to the stairs, empty save a flower in a green vase.

After taking place on the couch, Thunder claiming the armchair, they continued their conversation: ”You seem to do just fine here Thunder, the restaurant is stuffed with people. Colore me impressed. By the way, since I can now breathe properly, it is also a pleasure to see you, even if the trip was not at all my decision.”

“Oh come on, are you still sour about grandpas decision? You know very well that this the biggest chance to complete a disc in years, if not centuries, you can’t blame him, he has sworn to fulfill our family legacy. And look at the bright side, the old geezer can’t bug you here as much as he did back home. This will be quite refreshing and relax for you and I know how much you like that.” The black-haired man replied to his brother while leaning back and starting to smile.

“Oh yeah, I replaced the old geezer for his loyal lapdog, I’m sure in heaven.” The biker jokingly returned. One skeptical look from Thunder was all Phoenix needed to paddle back. “I’m joking, man, you should know that. It is nice to see you again after three years. So how many hearts have you captured with your pizzas? How many taste buts have you conquered and how many magnum opuses created?”

“Oh, what interesting question, I have spread my art through the city and have captured the hearts of many with my mouth watering treats of delinquent flavors. I have fought the crime against art that is fast food and have shown time and time again that the old and refined skills of a craftsman are superior in any way then the hacks that make these, atrocities to cooking, obviously not talking about those burger-artists. I have created a safe haven for true food, one that in times like these is increasingly difficult to find and preserve. And my lovely customers are the reward I receive, I could not be happier.” In the middle of his little rant about the “true art of cooking” he had stood up, raising one arm towards the sky, more so the ceiling, as if imitating a play. His brother just smiling at him.

“I’m glad some things never change, god have I missed your antics. By the way congratulation on your restaurant, seems to be popular with all those customers down there.”

“Thank you, but it is no surprise since I’m the cook.” Phoenix just snickered at the words of Thunder. “On a more serious note, I hope you are aware that you will not just lounge at my expenses. You will pull your weight around here and I’m sure Summer will appreciate a new helper.”

“Well, there goes one of my dreams, still not surprising. I just know you too well, ok I will be your waiter, but don’t expect your level of enthusiasm, little brother.” The older one answered, with some level of annoyance in his voice.

“Good and I thought this would involve arguing, fighting, bribing and then me winning.”

“Hey we can still do the bribing, it is always appreciated.” Said the Phoenix with a mischievous smile on his face.“

“Nice try, maybe I make a pizza as a welcome present or I could sing.”

“No, please have mercy, everything but please never sing, ever, please!” A look of utter terror and dreed was visible on Phoenix face, Thunder just started to laugh.

After brushing a tear away, that had formed thanks to his laughter, he continued: ”It feels so good to joke around with you after such a long time, but still, I think we should get to business. Do you have it with you? No problems, no complications?”

“I knew this was coming, yes I have the stupid driver in my backpack,” Pointing at the backpack he had dumped right next to himself on the couch. “as well as the discs, all intact and unharmed. What were you expecting, me dumping them on the road and just leaving? I don’t care for these things, but I’m not dumb enough to do that, even if they are only useful as a paperweight.” With that, he opened the bag and threw six white discs and a square metallic object towards his brother, who frantically managed to catch all of them. The square object resembled somewhat a belt buckle, just with a five-centimeter pol sticking out of the middle, on each side was a crescent moon shaped elevation surrounding the rod.

“Are you insane! Do you know what could have happened if I didn’t catch them, they could have been damaged? Do you really not care about family heirlooms that have been passed down for centuries, the most important things our family possesses. Can’t you just show a little bit of respect, you are the guardian, it is your duty, treat the driver and the discs with the respect they deserve.” His brother began to belittle him.

“Sorry, but look, they are fine, no damage, nothing, I’m careful.” While Phoenix was talking Thunder examined the driver and the six discs thoroughly. “And don’t come me with the family legacy box again, we have had them for six hundred years and still have not recreated one of the discs. I will not complete one and in the next hundred years, no one will. This world just lacks the magic to charge them even if you claim this town has shown an affinity for magic, the chance of another phenomenon appearing here that is actually usable are minuscule. Can’t we just leave the stuff in a save and forget about it?”

“No, we can not, especially not in Canterlot City, a place which in the past year had four magical anomalies occur. The first at one of the local Highschool, CHS, during there Fall Formal a beam of rainbow light was seen rising up from the school and was documented, that was the time gramps send me here to look for magical activity. The second incident, again at CHS, had something to do with there “Battle of the Bands”, a competition between, well bands, ended rather different then they had expected, three ethereal horse-fish-hybrid-things were seen in the sky, multiple other magical constructs were flown around and a giant etherial alicorn could be seen kilometers away, I’m quite sure this was equestrian in origin. I was just crossing by on the street and I saw it with my own eyes. And with the third anomaly, again at CHS, reality itself had been pulled apart and rifts opened to a world with ponies, I assume Equestria. Some students managed to take some pictures of what happened and it was thoroughly discussed in the entire city. And the last incident, surprisingly not at CHS but at the local mall, was when a girl turned into a three-meter big woman and scaring everyone there, saw it myself, disrupted my shopping day. You have a high chance of running into a magical incident, so please take this seriously.”

“Ok, ok you are right, maybe I can actually get a magic disc finished, that would annoy gramps so much, I can already see it in my head.” Phoenix gave in, taking back the Alchemie Driver and the five partially filled magic discs. Thunder still eyed the last disc, a spare one if any other was ever damaged.

“Oh yes he would be, the slacker finishes the first disc while he traveled the globe and didn’t find a single anomaly, I would pay for that.” Thunder smilingly replied. “But anyhow, that something like that happens soon is rather unlikely, so don’t sweat it and as long as nothing happens we can have some fun. Do you want to ride around with our bikes this weekend? I need an excuse to use it more often.”

“Sure, it's not like I know anyone around here so I have nothing planned. And I will always take an opportunity to lead you to eat dust.”

“Oh, it! Is! On! you are going down.” Apparently, he had sparked the competitive side of his brother, well at least it would be an interesting weekend, still, he had to survive the week first and that meant working, not his favorite thing to do.


>-------<A>-------<




Well, Thunder didn’t wast any time and send him straight to work, typical for him. He had discarded his jacket upstairs with his backpack and its content. Thunder had introduced him to Summer Breeze, the waitress that had claimed that Thunder was busy, as Phoenix Feather, his brother.

She had given him the task to take up the customers orders while she helped Thunder in the kitchen. At first, he had some problems remembering what tables had what number but after she explained that table with the number one was on the right of the entrance and every following number was counting upwards, set up like a clock, he improved massively. He had to give Thunder credit that was a clever system, his brother, how much he loved the limelight, was smart and more organized then he ever was. He could make decisions on the spur of the moment, which helped him in sports, but was completely lost when it came to planning or decisions with long-term consequences.

Several hours had past caring for the customers and morning had shifted into the early afternoon. He had just served a salami-pepperoni-ananas-pizza too table number eight and returned to the kitchen. Apparently, Summer had waited for him on the other side of the door because he wasn't even properly troughed the door as she already had started talking.

“So you are the big brother of the boss? He sometimes spoke of you, you are supposed to be a real slacker.“

“Great, my brother apparently only talks about my best parts, did he also tell you about my unbelievable good looks, my stellar personality or my unrivaled humor?” She just stared at him with a skeptical look. “Well in regards to the rest of my family at least, it is all a matter of perspective really.”

“No, but he talked about the pranks you pulled on your grandfather and to be quite honest they do sound kind of fun.”

“Oh, so he did talk about my good parts, I knew it.” Phoenix triumphantly exclaimed.

“And about the punishments, you received afterward, the one where you had to scrub the entire basement with a toothbrush was my favorite.”

With this Phoenix deflated visibly, all the confidence he had mere moments ago gone. “Of course he did, that is so up his ally. But you will see, revenge will be mine!” And with that the confidence that had disappeared for only a few seconds was back again, apparently, nothing could keep the guy down.

“I can definitely see that you are his brother. You two are very much alike. Question is if I can endure two of you, or if I will go insane and join you.” She jokingly replied, while curling her lips into a blissful smile.

“Oh I take that as a challenge, how long do you think till I break you?”

“If you are half as bad as Thunder, a month, tops. But I will not make it easy for you, you have to work for that. On that note, you are not completely awful, which is actually more then I expected. Regardless you are still at the beginning and have much to learn till you become as good as a waiter as I. So always listen to me and do what I tell you and you will be a master in serving in no time.”

The new waiter just skeptically stared at her, arms crossed in front of him. “Oh, now I get what you are trying to do. Do you want an underling that you can boss around and load your work on, don’t you? You are as lazy, if not more so than I’m.”

“No, no, no. I’m just trying to be nice, you know, the bond between coworkers and so?” Phoenix just chuckled. “You are not buying it, are you? Fine I tried to use you as a way to work less, satisfied? As if wouldn’t have done the same.”

“I knew it! I definitely recognize a slacker when I see one and you have it written all over you. I think I will enjoy working with you if only to drive Thunder insane.” A mischievous smile had formed on the face of Phoenix.

“As fun as that sounds, I think I have to go back out there and” she shuddered for a second, “go back to work. God, I can’t believe I have to play the role model.”

And with this, she moved towards the door, but before she could open it Thunder came storming in, nearly knocking her off her feet.

“Hey! Watch out, you usually are not that careless, what if I had someones food with me!”

Thunder just ignored her and closed in on his brother, grabbing him by the collar of his t-shirt and dragging him in the direction of the stairs.

“Thunder? What are you doing? I can walk just fine you don’t have to drag me along like a dog!” But his complaints fell on deaf ears as he was pulled up the stairs without a word from his brother.

“Hey, don’t leave me alone again, the first time was already hell. Fine, but you owe me.” She shouted up the stairs.


>-------<A>-------<




After dragging his older brother up to the first floor he leads go of him and moved towards the TV.

“So what do you want? Did I do something wrong?” Awaiting a response from his brother he stopped questioning him for a few moments, but still, nothing came in return. “Oh come on, talk to me! I don’t know what I did wrong if you don’t tell me. That is unbecoming of you to leave me in the dark. Usually, you let something I did wrong never go, so why the silence? Did something happen?” The last question sounded somewhat afraid, but still no response.

Then Thunder turned on the TV and simply said: “Look!”

The screen showed a view from, apparently, a helicopter hovering over a small paved piazza with a water fountain in the middle of the area. But the place was not the important part, what was standing on it was. A monster, drenched in a fiery orange was laughing maniacally and troughing fireballs at everything that didn’t get out of way fast enough. The beast measured roughly about two and a half meters and was towering over everyone trying to run away from it. The claws that it had on its feed were shining an energetic yellow and digging into the pavement. The legs were extremely muscular and could probably even dent steal. A lump yellow-orange fur was visible on the monster's chest, which in turn only made it look even more intimidating. On its arms, small wristbands could be seen, both of which helped crimson gems with ethereal flames extending off of them. It had the head of a lion if the mane would have been replaced with actual fire. Its mouth was equipped with vicious fangs that could tear a human in half. The entire horror was completed with a small heading, again with a crimson gemstone embedded within it, that glowed with a fierce red energy.

“I’m Wide Lens your trusty reporter from CCTV and we are not afraid to show you the truth, even in situations like this. Out of nothing this … this monster has appeared in the middle of our beloved city out of nowhere. We currently have no information on what it is and how it appeared here but seeing this beast with my own eyes I can assure you it does not come in peace. In the last five minutes, it has rampaged from a small park to this piazza and left a path of destruction behind. Something like this has our city never seen before. If it continues its current path the Change Industries headquarters will suffer horrific damage, not forgetting the possibility of human casualties if this thing is not stopped.” 

The reporter continued on only for Thunder to mute the program.

“What… what was that? I have never seen something like this before.” Completely shocked by what he had just witnessed, Phoenix was trying to regain his composure.

“I have no idea, in my time in this city I have only once seen something similar and that was the three-meter woman in the shopping center, but she didn’t look anything like this, this looks way more malicious and dangerous. But one thing I’m sure of is that it is magical in origin, I would bet the “Magnum Opus” on it.”

“Magical? No, nononono! Absolutely not, are you insane? I’m not doing it!” Apparently, Phoenix had picked up on what his brother was suggesting.

“You have to, it's your duty as the keeper to look for magical anomalies and drain them of their magic.”

“I know, but I didn’t sign up for fighting monsters, how am I supposed to do anything about that thing, I’m toast before I can even get close to it. I’m not suicidal.”

“You have the discs and if you would have actually paid attention when gramps explained the mechanics of them to you, you would know that they can absorb magical energy. It doesn’t matter in which form, attack or artifact, they can suck in all magic.”

“Oh, I listened and I remember that the only one that attempted to absorb an attack was electrocuted to death. If you are so insistent to go take it, be my guest and through your life away for such a foolish legacy.” He now began to shout.

Thunder remained calm and continued: “You are the guardian, you have sworn to protect and recreate the discs. You know secrets to them I was never told, I’m your assistant, you, however, have the responsibility and knowledge to carry the history of our family. Right now you are the only hope the people that are currently in danger have if you sit here and cower in fear there blood is on your hands. So are you man enough to do your part, as guardian of our family legacy or for the people that need your help, or are you the failure grandfather always saw you as, because I think I know what you are.”

Clinching his fist together he exclaimed: “Dammit! You are right, I hate it when you are right! I can’t let these people take the fall for my cowardliness, even if this plan is downright stupid, I just couldn’t live with me anymore. Why do you know me so well? That’s unfair.”

His brother just chuckled: “I knew you would do the right thing.”

Picking up the Alchemie Driver, the six magic discs, helmet and his leather jacket he began to rush to his bike, only to hear the voice of his brother before he could sprint down the stairs. “But promise me one thing, come back alive because if you die because I pressured you into this, I couldn't live with myself.”

“Sure thing!” With that, he continued his dash towards his bike, on the way rushing past Summer.

“Where are you going? Your shift isn’t over! Hey, I’m talking to you!” She shouted after him.

“Getting something, see you later, bye!” And with that, he was gone.

“These two are maddening, is it that hard to stop and explain something and worst of all I’m still alone?”

Moments later Phoenix had put his helmet back on and was sitting on his bike only to realize: ”Wait, I didn’t ask where the monster was. Dammit, I’m an idiot. Wasn’t it headed for some companies headquarters? Right, Change Industries. So the question is where is it… I didn’t think this through, did I?” While he was thinking his eyes caught a white skyscraper in the distance, with the insignias Ch. Ind. in black letters written on the front of it and not far from the tower a small amount of smoke could be seen. That had to be it, without wasting any time the engine sprang to life and he began to drive where he suspected the monster.


>-------<A>-------<


Close to the Change Industries headquarters, people were running away in terror and who could blame them, the monster hadn’t stopped and still was throwing fireballs around like in a snowball fight. It had moved away from the piazza and now stood two streets away from its apparent goal. The buildings behind him had already caught fire, illuminating the monster as it stepped closer towards some cowering people, all while cackling maniacally. “Run, run to your masters, little slaves of this oppressive system. But I, I have been granted the power to live free of its limitations. I’m Napalm and I have cast off the shackles of captivity and have become something beyond you puny humans. I’m a god that no one can challenge!”

As he approached the helpless civilians he suddenly felt that something had hit him. Shortly after the impact several metallic objects fell to the ground and bounced off of it. As he shifted his look to where the projectiles had come from he could see three policemen standing there, shaking and pointing their guns at him. He twisted his head as if trying to figure out what to to do with them, then he began to laugh, which shook everyone present to the bone. “How cute, the lapdogs of the slavers have decided to protect the monsters that keep them down. I know your type, you look down on us, but newsflash I’m not part of the ‘us’ anymore. I have risen above all the rest and can now do how I damn well please. You can’t stop me! no one can stop me! I will be the god of this world! Now catch!”

With that, the monster throws a fireball, he had created in his paw, towards them, only barely missing them and hitting there police car behind them, which immediately exploded throwing the man on the ground in pain. Unable to stand up the Napalm eyed them with sadistic glee in his eyes and began again: “Pathetic, I at least expected a little more but that was just laughable. There is truly nothing that could harm me. But enough of the this, time to end your miserable existences!” The police officers still unable to move do to there injuries staring desperately at the beats as it slowly stepped ever closer towards them, dragging out the inevitable. As he was one meter away from them and begin to form another fireball in his paw he suddenly heard something from his left.

“Hey, hothead, are you truly so pathetic that you have to attack people that are already down, or are you just afraid someone that could actually fight back will put you out? Seems to me like you are nothing more than a fire-chicken you pathetic dandelion.” A man with orange skin and red hair was shouting at the monster and waving his arms in the air to attract the beast, while slowly backing into a backstreet.

Napalm growling in annoyance and started to move in the man's direction, already having forgotten about the three policemen. “How dare you mock me. If one of us is pathetic then it is you. I will rost you like a chicken, so you can see what happens when you try to define your superiors. Die” And with that, he threw another fireball at Phoenix, who managed to dodge it in the last second.

“Why did I think this was a good idea again?” Now he was moving even faster into the backstreet while taking a white magic disc with the words “fire” on it out of his jacket. All this while still mocking Napalm: “That was all? Please, I could dodge these for days and wouldn’t get tired, you really have to step up your game to kill me, or are you truly this pathetic. You and my superior? Not in a thousand years!”

His words enraging the fire monster finally enough to stop in his tracks and gather energy in his three gemstones. “You! You will be the example of what happens when someone dares to insult me!” And with that he crossed his arms over his bracelets and unleashed a beam of fire magic that shoots directly at Phoenix, melting or igniting everything in close proximity to it. He was just able to hold the magic disc in front of him before the beam hit him. The entire alleyway was consumed by a massive explosion.

As the smoke had settled the monster stared at the alley in disbelief, there he was, still standing. His arms burned and charred, barely able to stand. In his hands, he held the magic disc, but it had changed now resembling a spinning flame with four curled flame-shaped extensions from the center where the hole was located. A fat grin had appeared on his face mixed in with the pain of the burned.


>-------<A>-------<


“Today you will learn to activate the Alchemy Driver if you ever need it,” An old man with white skin and grey hair said to a little boy with orange complexion and fiery red hair.

“But why, the thing doesn’t work and probably never will! Why can’t I play with Thunder instead, this is pointless!” The boy whined.

“Silence! It is the family tradition that on his eighth birthday the oldest son of our family will learn how to use the driver. It is our only reason to exist and you will learn it too! Now, do I hear any objections?” But the boy just stayed silent. “Ok, now listen…”


>-------<A>-------<


Phoenix took the driver out of the pocket of his jacket, his hands shaking from the pain, and put it in front of his waist where it immediately looped a metal band around it and pulling tight. Next, he brought the fire disc closer to the beltlike device, barely able to hold it, and put it on the rod in the middle of the device. After fitting it in he started to spin the disc with his right hand and pointing with that hand towards the sky.

At this moment Napalm had regained his composure and hastily threw a fireball at the burned man.

\ MAGIC DISC DETECTED! /

“Henshin!”

\ FLAME DISC ACTIVATED! /

Whit that a fiery whirlwind began to encircle Phoenix, starting from his feet reaching up to his waist and finally arriving at his head. The fireball Napalm had thrown at him just exploded as it hit the flames that spun around him. After a few seconds, the flame-whirlwind burst away and revealed, that instead of the burned man that stood in the spot mere moments ago now an armor-clad warrior had taken his place.

The armor was made out of crimson material. His feet were armored through boots with a slick design that ended into a spike at his knee, decorated with golden details. At his waist, a cape that reached to his knees and grew ever shorter the more it reached his backside, was build into the armor and held by the belt, its edges accented with gold. All over his breastplate were small lines of gold worked into the armor and a symbol that represented fire was present on his right chest. His shoulder plates looked like flames that were blowing in the wind and ended in ridged edges. The gloves had a golde line on them were the went over into the rest of the armor. Golden bug-shaped eyes stared at the beast, while the rest of the helmet was primarily red, with a metallic mouthguard. Two golden crescent horns extended from above the eyes, both with a flame motif worked into them.

Phoenix felled an incredible power rushing through him, his arms that had mere moments ago, hurt in nearly unbearable agony felt like nothing had ever happened to them. He even felt better than before, this was not comparable to anything he had ever experienced. Like he was for the first time truly alife.

“What are you? Who are you? And most importantly how dare you to stay in my way? I will not accept such disrespect!” And with that, the fire monster charged towards Phoenix, charging energy into its fist. But before it could connect Phoenix had already slammed his fist into the stomach of the beast, which in turn flew out of the alley into the burned out wreckage of a car on the opposite side of the street. Napalm visibly confused just shouted: ”What? How dare you? I’m a god! You have no right to harm me!”

The man in the crimson armor simply walked out onto the street and stared at the monster. Remembering back to one of his grandfather lessons and broke the silence: “I’m Kamen Rider Alchemy, specifically Kamen Rider Alchemie Flame Mode! And I’m here to put you out.”


>-------<A>-------<


In a different part of the city, Thunder had gone ecstatic over the appearance of Alchemy. His brother had done it, he had managed to finish what his family had begone hundreds of years ago.

“YES! Yes, yes, yes. He did it, he did it. Oh, he will never stop annoying gramps with this. Yes, he did it!”

Tears of joy had begun forming in his eyes over what his brother had archived.


>-------<A>-------<


“Put me out? You? That was just a lucky shot, nothing more and to prove it I’m going to crush you!” And with that Napalm slowly started to stand up. Clenching his fists together he again started to charge at the Kamen Rider. This time Alchemie smashed his own fist against the monsters, sending sparks flying from the impact. With Napalm being pushed back by the force of the attack, the rider advanced keeping the beast on the defenses. As the monster was pushed further and further back more and more hits struck there goal, every time letting sparks spray of the impact point.

“Didn’t you want to crush me? Where is this spark of determination now? Already blown out by the wind kitty? I thought you were a god, till now I’m not impressed. You are not Apollo, the god of the sun, you are Icarus, a human who got to close to it and was burned!” That was enough for the beast and slammed his fist in the direction of Alchemie, even more ferocious than before, only for the attack to be blocked by his opponent that had crossed his arms.Napalm was fuming, but before he could act upon his impulses he was hit by an uppercut, sending sparks flying off of him as well as himself about five meters into the air. Napalm landed unceremonially on his back about seven meters away from his opponent.

“ENOUGH! I will deal with you another time! And then I will be prepared because no one can stand against the god I have become, especially not you!” With that, all of his three gemstones began to glow and were unleashed as an all-consuming firestorm. Alchemy began to shield himself from the flames with his arms. After the flames had died down Napalm had vanished leaving the armored hero standing there dumbfounded. Thankfully no one was caught in the crossfire, still, it was frustrating that the beast had escaped.

Hearing police sirens coming closer, he figured that his best option was to get his bike and hightailed out of here because he wasn’t too interested in explaining the police about everything that had happened and didn’t want to lose the Alchemie Driver. Thankfully he had parked his bike far enough from the monster that it wasn’t damaged by the attacks of it. The moment he touched his crimson bike a fiery light erupted from it. After the light had died down enough that one could see again without being temporarily blinded something different had taken its place. It was still a motorbike but looked entirely different. The rims had changed color and were now a bright orange with a flame motif. This was reflective in the rest of the bike, while still crimson it was accented with gold and orange to envoke fire. The exhaust was designed as a burning flame.

As strange as it was that his bike had changed so massively he hadn’t time to dwell on it and simply accepted it, what other choice did he have? And with that, he drove away from the approaching sirens of the police cars until they faded into nothingness.


>-------<A>-------<


The evening had set in over Canterlot City and Phoenix had finally reached the “Magnum Opus” again after getting lost a few times in the unfamiliar city. He had changed back into his civilian form in an abandoned alleyway to travel more inconspicuous. The patrons had already left after Thunder had closed the restaurant early, blaming it on the monster attack, which wasn’t a complete lie.

As Phoenix walked through the door, his burned leather-jacket crumpled under his arm, Summer was finishing cleaning the pizzeria for the day as she saw him coming in. “Ah, you are back and did you get it?”

“What?”

“You went out to get something for the boss and now you don’t know what? What were you doing?”

“Oh yeah, right. I forgot. It’s no problem” He tried to dismiss her questions.

“What? That was the purpose of this trip and you forgot it? How can you forget that? Am I surrounded by idiots? And you left me here to do everything myself to just forget what you were supposed to do? What have you done anyway if not get the ‘thing’?” She seemed to be fuming and how could blame her, she had been leafed to take care of the restaurant two times this day both times given no explanation.

Phoenix was struggling to find the right words, hell any words for the matter. “I called him that I simply overlocked the pineapples and since he is unfamiliar with the layout of the city it took him a while to get back here. Oh by the way you really worked outstandingly today and in the last weeks, I think it’s time for an increment in your salary.” Thunder interrupted the pair's conversation.

Summer standing there dumbfounded but quickly regaining her composure: “Thank you Thunder!” All while Phoenix visibly relaxed.

“Please, I’m glad to have such a good employee as you, now go, we can handle the rest. Phoenix I wanted to talk to you upstairs.” With that, he turned around and started to walk back up the stairs again.

“Thank you, goodbye Thunder, goodbye Phoenix. See you tomorrow!” And with that, she left the restaurant, a scream of pure glee could be heard from outside.

The older brother followed Thunder upstairs and throw his ruined jacket on the couch. “Before we discuss anything else, you owe me a new jacket.”

Thunder just chuckled and added: ”I’m glad some things never change.”
> Rebirth Of A Hero - Flaming Hearth Of Justice
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

After Phoenix had taken place on the couch and started to stretch his limbs his brother returned to what he actually wanted to discuss with him. “So, how does it feel? Did it hurt? Saw any ancestors that were bound to the driver or discs? Tell me everything!”

“Great, it felled like I had infinite energy if I were unstoppable. I can’t properly describe it. No, it did not hurt, actually quite the opposite. The disc healed the injuries that I suffered through my attempt to absorb the attack. Yeah, trying to get the magic that way is not really viable. The disc can’t take in that amount of magic in such a short time and the rest of the attack still affects the user, so I’m not doing that again, period, because I like living. And to your last question, no! Why do you even think that? No one besides myself has used the discs, so it’s rather unlikely that the spirit of someone would have bounded to them? By the way, the idea is just laughable!”

“Didn’t you think recreating the magic discs was laughable?” His brother countered, all with a smug grin on his face.

“Difference, unreasonable against no evidence of such!”

“Fine, still it’s a shame that the monster escaped, with the stuff it was spewing from it, it seemed to not be the type for that.”

“I think that was a facade or rather what it wants to be. The thing seems like the standard cliche of a ‘revolutionary’ from a terribly written book. His short temper only adding to this, but whatever it’s not like we will stumble over it out of sheer luck.” Phoenix jokingly said, just to frantically look around. Thunder just giving him a confused look. “What? I at least had to try, it's not like it did any harm.”

His brother just rolled his eyes and added: “That is not how it works, you can not simply rely on luck. Besides you are not really lucky.”

“I like to counter that with the fact that I’m still alive, found a magical anomaly and recreated an artifact our family had worked on for centuries and all this on my first day in Canterlot. If that is not lucky I have to ask what is?”

“Point taken. However, I would still not count on your ‘luck’, since if one thing is certain then it is that something like luck can be gone as fast as it appears. So, what are we going to do regarding that monster, we can’t let it run around, that only will get people hurt and finding it is damn near impossible since we have no leads, we are no detectives and this city is big, so searching for it isa rather fruitless endeavor.”

“We could simply call out for it. I did get under its skin, so maybe it falls for the bait?”

“And how would you do that? If you wait in some public place you bring civilians in danger and the chance that the police asks some unpleasant question is relatively high, since, you know, vigilante.”

“We could simply wait, that is also an option. I don’t think he is the type to lay low, too much of a hothead.”

“We don’t have many other options, have we?” Thunder begrudgingly agreed with his brother.


>-------<A>-------<


Next day peace had returned to the city, even if it was only superficial. At least in the pizzeria, everything was normal. Summer bossed him around under the pretense of teaching him the ropes.

“Move faster we don’t have all day.” Summer was trying to get Phoenix to speed up his pace since was blocking the door to the rest of the restaurant.

“Sorry, I think you have given me too many orders. I can’t open the door!” Indeed, he was struggling to balance four plates, all of them with the biggest pizzas they had, with his hands and on his arms.

“When you work in the restaurant business you have to be capable of something like this, if you are not, I suggest taking another job.”

“As if I could do that. This is basically my rent, I’m lucky I get paid anything. So job switching isn’t really an option.”

“I know, so stop complaining and start learning.” With that, she playfully stuck out her tongue. “By the way, want to do something tomorrow evening? I wanted to go jogging through the woods and was looking for a training partner. Since you know, training alone can be quite boring.”

“Jogging? Doesn't this involve walking or running? I’m not the sports guy, to much stress and doing stuff. Sorry.”

“Oh, well then that can’t be helped, your loss.” She seemed somewhat sad about his answer.

“Actually I think that is a wonderful idea, why don’t we all three go jogging together. See it as a teambuilding exercise. And you could use some training anyway Phoenix.” Thunder had just hijacked their conversation.

“Sure why not, the more the merrier.”

“Isn’t that my choice, or did I missed the meeting where it was decided that you can choose what I do or not do?” He seemed rather irritated by them deciding over his head what he was going to do.

“Yes, you missed it, yesterday when you were driving around town without any idea how to get back.” Thunder seeming to find Summers response rather funny.

“Fine! I see I have no say in the matter. I hope you two take it easy with me, my constitution is horrible, so please have mercy.”

Devilish grins began to form on both the waitresses and cooks faces. Phoenix didn’t like this one bit, not one bit.

“Right, orders! I have to go! Now!” And with that, he pushed the door open with his shoulder and stumbling out of the kitchen, luckily not dropping anything.

After he had delivered the plates to table seven and nine he caught a glimpse of the program on the TV and stopped for a moment to listen to it.

“ Like you probably know, this street was the scene of the recent monster attack. The damage from its rampage is still quite visible and if it hadn’t been for the mysterious hero Kamen Rider Alchemie, who knows what would have happened.” While the reporter was saying that a video of the monster flying out of the alleyway was playing in the background. Apparently, they hadn’t been able to see what had happened in the alley and he was thankful for that. The moment Alchemie stepped into the video he felt pride in what he had done. “The police has yet to release an official statement regarding the masked vigilant but we did manage to get an interview with mister Pharynx, the security-chef of Change Industries. And we give the mice to our young reporter Fresh News.” A rather muscular man with dark cyan skin, short, washed out ruby colored hair and a violate suit with amaranth tie could be seen standing next to a young woman with light brown skin and hair that was a darker shade of brown. Her grey suite sold her reporter look.

“So mister Pharynx, since your employer seemed to be the goal of the attack what have you to say about the prospect of your company being attacked?” 

With a rather growly voice, he answered her question: “I’m shocked that someone would attack our company. Sadly it doesn’t matter how much good you do some people will hold grudges against you, how petty they may be, and apparently, our monster from yesterday is one of these people. With the situation as it is I have decided to triple our security forces to make sure our CEO is not harmed by this beast. On that note, our CEO madam Crisela has decided that the damage caused by the monster attack will be covered by our company since it was on its way towards our headquarters it is our responsibility to clean up this mess.”

“What a selfless act by your CEO. I know companies that would not have done this or even thought about the possibility. Next question, what is your opinion on the masked vigilante that calls himself Kamen Rider Alchemy? He stopped the monster before it could reach your company.”

“While we are thankful for his help, we, however, think that any vigilante is acting against the law, so he should confess to the police and ask to help them in the case. If we let comen people take the law into their own hands, we will arrive at an age of …”

A massive explosion could be heard in the background, both the reporter and the security-chef looking in one direction, shock spreading on both their faces. Then a crackling voice could be heard booming from offscreen: ”Yes, fear for your lives, run before the new god of this world! To prove this I will break down this castle of oppression!” 

Nearly all color had leafed Phoenixes face. Before he could see anymore he rushed into the kitchen, nearly knocking Summer on the ground.

“Hey. Watch out.” He just ignored her and dashed through the back door. Once outside the building, he sprinted towards his bike only to stop a meter in front of it. He reached into his pocket and took out the Alchemy Driver, subsequently placing it in front of his waist. The metal strap, again, expanded from the driver and pulled tight around him. The next thing he did was take out the fire disc and place it on the pole in front of the driver.

\ MAGIC DISC DETECTED! /

At that moment Summer opened the back door to look for Phoenix, who in turn didn’t notice that the door he, moments ago, just stormed through had opened again, proceded with his transformation.

“Henshin!”

\ FLAME DISC ACTIVATED! /

With this the flaming whirlwind formed around him again, devouring his body. Seconds later the gold and red armor of Alchemy Flame Mode had formed around him.

“What? You are … How can you … I can’t believe it!” Summer shouted from the depths of her lungs, the most confused she had ever been.

At this moment Phoenix blood froze, he had forgotten that she could simply follow him. He had just revealed his secret identity to someone he didn’t even know for more than a day. And with that, he turned around to face the waitress. “Well, shot. That wasn’t planned.”

“You are Alchemy? This … I can’t believe it. So that was what you did yesterday. How did you get this power? Do you have superpowers besides the armor? How long are you Alchemy? Tell me everything!”

“I don’t have time for this right now, please I will explain everything to you, but I have to deal with the hothead from yesterday first. So please go back to work, when I’m back we can talk but not now.” And with that, he jumped onto his bike, which turned into its Alchemy form again and drove towards Change Industries. All the way mentally kicking himself in the ass for being too careless.

Summer was left standing there, mouth hanging wide open, still shocked by what she had just witnessed. The brother of the boss was that vigilante Kamen Rider Alchemy. What was she supposed to do now? Go to the police, ask Thunder or just forget she ever saw something? After another minute she decided to hear his side of the story first before making any premature decisions she would regret later. For now, she would just continue working and wait for him to return, even if the lust for answers inerly consumed her.


>-------<A>-------<


At the Change Industries building utter chaos was spreading. People running for their lives, some without really thinking about the consequences even trying to hide inside the headquarters of the company. The reporter had as well moved inside the building, trying to, against better judgment, get more material off the monster by dragging her cameraman along. Pharynx had managed to gather some of his personal together to stand up against the monster. The five man he had managed to get hold of were desperately firing at Napalm trying to hinder him from entering the lobby. The bullets, unsurprisingly, doing no damage to the beast, which in turn retaliated with a barrage of fireballs.

During the ensuing chaos, a little girl had stumbled into the situation and hide behind a mailbox, crying for her mother. Since she was so close to the monster and its attacks it was only a matter of when she would be hit in the crossfire. Then suddenly a teenage girl, that had until now observed the situation from a safe distance, had begun rushing towards the girl. Thankfully the red and yellow-haired girl didn’t draw the beats attention, thanks to the attacks of the Change Industrie security forces.

Reaching the child she tried to comfort her: “Hey little girl, are you ok?” The girl apparently too terrified by the whole situation not answering. “There is no reason to be afraid, I’m Sunset Shimmer, what is your name?”

This managed to get through to the girl, which in turn responded, still crying. “My … my name is … is Sunflower. Do you know where … where my mom is?”

Sunset began to smile. “I’m sure she is somewhere in the area and looking for you. I can bring you to a safer place and we can look for your mother together. How does that sound?”

Sunflower, wiping her tears away, noded. “Good … Thank you.” And with that, she picked up the girl and started to run as far away from the monster as possible.

Unfortunately, Napalm had seen the two and began growling. “So there was this horrible noise coming from. Something like this sound is unbecoming for the ears of a god. Burn in the fires of hell you brat!” And with that, he readied his hand for a shot at the two girls.

“Hey, kitty, wrong target!” As the beast interrupted his attack and started to turn his head towards the origin of the voice, its face made contact with the wheel of a bike. The weight and velocity of the bike were enough to knock the monster off his feet. With a screeching sound, the bike came to a hold and revealed that Alchemy had arrived.

“You again! This time I will end you!” Napalm had already begun to rise to his feet. His eyes burning with pure hatred for the rider.

“You are welcome to try, but I’m not sure if you possess the necessary skills to put me out. But you have certainly sparked my interests.” He had dismounted his bike and removed his fire disc from the Alchemy Driver. The disc started to glow.

\ Fire Disc Attack Mode! /

\ Flame Saber! /

After the glow had subsided the rider was holding a razor-sharp katana in his hand. The blade was forged out of an orange metal with golden patterns resembling flames worked into it, while the handguard had taken the form of the disc. The handle of the sword was wrapped in red cloth bands. Gripping the handle with both hands he charged towards the raging monster.

Napalm retaliated with throwing three of his usual fireballs. Alchemy, in turn, slashing at the first, causing it to explode upon impact with his sword. The second fireball suffered the same fate. One last strike from the flame saber cut the last one clean in half, both halves exploding behind him.

Having already closed the distance between himself and the monster he once again swung the sword, this time hitting his opponent, sparks spewing of where the blade hat hit him.

“Ahhh! This… this can’t be true! What foul tricks are you using? I’m invincible. Invincible!”

“Oh its simple, I just got an edge over you!”

Napalm snapped, this was enough he would not be humiliated by this clown. “Argh! Die! Die! Die!”He unleashed a barrage of blows on Alchemy who in turn blocked every single blow with the Flame Saber. The last hit pushing him several feet away, but unable to break his block.

“I think its time to give you back some of your own medicine!” He placed his hand on the handguard and started to spin it, the blade beginning to glow with immense energy. “Flaming Slash!” Alchemy then swung the sword diagonally, sending a wave of flaming energy direct at his opponent. Napalm still raging because of his opponent charging headfirst into the attack. As the wave connected a massive explosion consumed Napalm, after the impact the monster could be seen falling to his knees, unable to move, clearly exhausted.

“How? I … I’m a god. I can’t be beaten! I can’t!”

“Napalm, you have used the power you were given to harm innocent people, destroy what others hold dear and glorify yourself as a god. By the magic that was bestowed upon me, I deem you unworthy of your powers and will now take them from you!” He grabbed the handguard of the Flame Saber, which in turn began to glow again. Holding the flame disc again in his hands he put it back in the driver and started to spin it again.

\ Flame Disc Maximum Power! /

The magic of the disk began to gather in his right leg. Alchemy jumped into the air, adjusting his position in midair till his stretched out right foot was facing the monster. He started to spin creating a flaming whirlwind while rotating. And with this, he started to speed towards Napalm, speed growing the closer he got.

“Flaming Whirlwind Kick!”

As the attack connected a massive explosion engulfed the monster, Alchemy coming to a screeching hold several feet behind the monster, or what had formerly been the beast. A young boy with grey skin and a red mohawk now laying in his place. Next, to him, a strange lighter could be seen, it had the form of a flame and had red-orange colors with the motive of a lion engraved in its front. Phoenix stepped closer towards the strange lighter, his flame disc reacting to the strange object.

“Seems you were no match for me.”

The next thing he did was remove the fire disc from his driver and pointing it at the lighter. From it, energy flowed into the magic disc. A few moments later the lighter had changed forms, now a normal silver like any other. It was early silent when the Rider walked back to his bike, mounting it and speeding away.


>-------<A>-------<


After he returned from his excursion Phoenix was assaulted by Summer and a barrage of questions regarding Kamen Rider Alchemy, thankfully Thunder managed to delay the inevasible till the restaurant had closed shop for the day. As soon as the last customer had left the “Magnum Opus” Summer had rushed both brothers up into there living space, unable to hold any of her questions for much longer.

“Answers! I need them! Now! Tell me everything.” She finally released the barrage of questions, visibly exhausted from being denied solid answers for so long.

“You don’t mind if I take care of the explaining, Phoenix might forget important details and or just answer incomprehensible.”

“Hey, that is not true!” Thunder raising an eyebrow was seemingly enough for his brother to admit: “Ok, maybe it’s better if you explain it. Was never that interested in it, to begin with.” With that, he stretched himself, apparently to hide his frown from the both of them.

“Oh, but you seemed to have so much fun with it.”

“Hey, that is something tangible, I can actually do stuff with the armor, not just play the egghead.” He defensively returned.

“As much as you bickering amuses me, answers! Now! Please?” Their eyes shifted to the blue haired woman, her inpatient look bringing them back to the subject at hand.

“Fine, fine, I think you have waited long enough. But where to begin? Oh, I know, ever heard of the theory that there are more universes out there then just ours?” She nodded. “Well, that theory is true. At least for one, but bear with me this will sound crazy, Equestria, a world populated by talking ponies.”

The look of utter confusion spread on Summers' face, trying to grasp what she just heard. “Ponys? A world populated by ponies? Ok, now I know you're messing with me.”

“As much as I would say the same in your situation, no I’m telling the truth. It is a land of magic, monsters, talking ponies, unicorns, and pegasi. Our ancestor, a unicorn by the name Fuels Gold, created the magic discs and the Alchemy Driver to create a philosopher stone by combining the five fundamental elements of magic. A philosopher stone supposedly can transmute every material into another one, can grant eternal life and many other things. He used the discs as storage devices for the elements and the driver as the focal point to concentrate them to create the stone.”

“Wait, wait, time out! You are ponies?!”

“No, our ancestor was a pony, however, the rest of our family, besides his wife and his children, are descendants of humans. We are more part human then we are pony and since he lived over six hundred years ago, even these parts are so diluted that they are minuscule.” Thunder explained to her.

“So, no ponies? God, this is confusing. But if he was from this pony world how did you end up here?”

“Well before he could test his creation, Shadow Gold, his research partner, tried to claim the driver for himself to rule Equestria. Fuels Gold used the magic discs to create a portal to this world and fleed with his wife and children. Shadow could not follow and since he was unable to recreate the discs he could not continue his quest for world domination.”

“Sounds like a villain from a comic book. So he fleed with that thing,” she pointed at the Alchemy Driver.“and these discs and your family had them ever since?”

“Na, the driver yes, but the discs were destroyed, these are recreations. Fuels tried to create a philosopher stone here, but only managed to blow himself up. The discs were destroyed and our family decided that recreating them would be our goal in life. Believe me, it’s a pain in the but.” Phoenix had interrupted their conversation, arms crossed and with a look of annoyance on his face.

“And again, you leave out important details. The day our ancestor decided to turn his theory into reality, he closed himself off from everyone and apparently put the discs into the driver. Then a big explosion and release of magical energy ravaged his body. As his wife came to him he was already dead, the magic discs were broken, only the Alchemy Driver had survived the release of the magic. Thankfully he had taken about twenty additional discs with him, so we were able to rescue a bit of magical energy from the shards of the discs this day. Sadly not enough and so our family decided to travel the world and search for a way to recreate the discs. One interesting thing, however, two hundred years later someone stole twelve of our discs, which in turn only left us with eight. Phoenix holds six at the moment, one fire, he managed to restore yesterday, one water, one earth, one wind and one thunder disc. None of them, besides the fire disc, are in any condition to be functional. There is also one empty disc he is carrying around, just to be sure. We have long lost the way to recreate a blank disc, but with the lack of magic in this world it would be near impossible to anyway.”

“So who stole the discs?”

“Beats me. Probably didn’t know what it was anyway.” The older brother replied.

“I wouldn’t say that. Nothing else was stolen besides the discs. The thief probably knew exactly what he was looking for. But we don’t know. The theft is a mystery to this day.”

“I see. Anyhow, why does Phoenix have the driver and the discs? He doesn’t strike me as the most, you know, reliable person.”

“What is that supposed to mean? I’m very reliable, thank you very much!” All he received were rather skeptical looks. “Fine, maybe not. It’s tradition in our family that the oldest son is entrusted with the driver and the discs to restore them too there true form, or some crap like that. Point being, Gramps was getting too old to travel the globe anymore and I was next in line. So I’m now the so-called ‘guardian’ of them.”

“I knew you weren’t chosen for your talents!” The bluenette exclaimed.

“I pretended like I didn’t hear that.”

“Oh, I can repeat it if you want.” She replied with the most innocent of smiles.

“Summer would you please stop provoke my brother. Don’t you have more questions?”

“Oh shot, yes. What was that thing that attacked the city anyway? I have never seen something like that before.”

“We have no idea actually. Ok, that is not exactly true. After I pummeled him into the ground it turned back into a boy. Next to him was a strange lighter, charged with magical energy, fire magic to be exact. I absorbed it with the disc. I assume he was turned into that monster because of it, at least that is the most likely explanation I can come up with, but that doesn’t say much.” Phoenix seemed rather thoughtful as he spoke.

“No, I think you are on to something here. He was probably transformed into that … that thing through the magical artifact. When you beat him down he apparently lost the strength necessary to hold onto this form. The question is only where did it come from?” Thunder agreed with his brother much to Phoenixes surprise.

“Wait, did you just agree with me? I think I have to mark this on my calendar. My idea was validated by Thunder Cloud, I’m shooked.” Phoenix replied to his brother, every word using sarcasm.

“You are welcome. Any other questions that demand an answer, Summer?” Thunder turned his attention towards her again.

“Well two, first; I assume Phoenix is going to continue playing hero, am I right? So he is probably going to leave us alone in the restaurant quite often, isn’t he?”

“Well the life of a hero is a hard one, we can’t decide when we have to work.” His answer only got him unanimous groaning.

“I take this as a yes. Probably the best answer I will get from him anyway. Second question; Why Kamen Rider? I never heard the word Kamen before, what does it mean?”

“I don’t know. It was the name Gramps drilled into me to no end. Just seemed right to use it.” He tried to answer her question.

“It means masked. The word belongs to an ancient equestrian civilization. Fuels Gold found the plans to the driver inside one of their ruins. Apparently, they had used the drivers for their warriors. They called them Kamen Riders. He thought continuing to use the name would be a sign of appreciation for their part in his research. So were that all of your questions, or have more pilled up?”

“Nope. I’m golden. Still, all this sounds so weird. I don’t know if you are messing with me or if you are sincere.”

“Believe what you want, we gave you the answers you wanted. But now it’s our time to ask you something.” With that, she looked over to Phoenix, somewhat surprised. “Please don’t tell anyone about this. I don’t want the police trying to arrest me because I play the hero. And I don’t someone to target people around me to get to me. It makes things so much easier if no one knows.”

“If you want no one to know you really should work on hiding your secret identity, you are awful at keeping it.” She snarkily replied.

“Dolly noted.”

“And no need to worry, I think your secret is safer with me than with you. I will not tell anyone about this. So if someone finds out who you are it’s probably on you.” She smugly grinned.

“Thank you and I thought I had to beg so you don’t tell it. That makes things easier.”

“Wait, wait, beg? Dammit, I gave in too early, can I see that anyway? Please?”

“Nope.”

“Well anyway. It’s good to have you onboard. I don’t think I could have handled him alone without going insane.” Thunder interrupted the two.

“Oh come on, why am I always on the receiving end of these jokes?” Phoenix had slammed his hands over his head in annoyance.

“Simple, you have the most delightful responses to it.” His brother teased him further. Summer began to laugh, slowly thereafter Thunder joined in. It took Phoenix some seconds but ultimately he also started to laugh. At least it wouldn't get dull with these two around.


>-------<A>-------<


Night had set over Canterlot City, most people felled more comfortable in their homes after the recent monster attack. The only people that still choose to leave the save walls of their houses had either something important to do, hadn’t a place to stay, were of the shady variety or in one special case all of the above.

A figure stood over a beaten and bruised man, blood beginning to pour out of wounds all over his body. The back-alley around them was completely trashed. Trashcans lay around, some just knocked over some dented like a truck had hit them. Scorch marks could be seen all over the alley, some of them did somewhat look like slashes from a blade while others looked more like claw marks. The figure slits something into his pocket and readied himself to leave until something called out for him.

“You imbecile, why did you need to make such a scene. You are going to draw the attention of the police on us. Next time I expected more professionalist mindset from you, not that of a sword-wielding idiot.” A voice, apparently coming out of nowhere spoke to the man.

“I’m sorry master, but he left me without any options. I asked him to give over the key, but he refused and after that, he was beyond reasoning. I had to act quickly or we would have drawn even more attention.”

“Fool. You didn't intimidate him enough, he saw you as weak. Be happy that your little exercise didn’t alert any police or worse Alchemy.”

“With all due respect, I can dell with this amateur, if this is what you wish me to do master.”

“No, you will not! Alchemy belongs to me, I want to fell the satisfaction when I ultimately crush him beneath my heels and you will not take this away from me with your constant screwups.”

“As you wish my master.” The figure started to bow, even if there was no one beside him and the beaten man in the alley.

“Good. Now continue. I don’t my servant to be caught next to a dead body.” The voice spoke a final time until the alley once again was dead silent.

With that, the figure left the alley. The light of streetlamp shined on him as he stepped out of the shadows. A man in his early twenties could be seen, his skin and black hair with red stripes in it now clearly visible. He wore a brown leather jacket with a white t-shirt underneath. A purple gem necklace was hanging around his neck. He looked around once to make sure no one saw him and started to move away from the crime scene. “Well, well, it seems things are starting to get interesting.”
