//------------------------------//
// Renewed Bonds 
// Story: To Clean Slates 
// by Bookish Delight 
//------------------------------//

Upon reaching the top of the steps, Twilight knocked on the door to Sunset's room.

The door unlatched, and opened a crack—just enough for Sunset Shimmer to be able to look through. When she saw Twilight, she breathed a small sigh of relief, stepped back, and opened the door wide enough for Twilight to walk in.

Twilight looked around. The last time she'd been in Sunset's loft bedroom was yesterday, and nothing looked out of place since then. The wall-mounted guitars, bed, game consoles, couch, dressers, computer, and even frumpled, thrown-aside clothes were still in their usual places. Confident that nothing was amiss externally, she decided to address Sunset herself. 

"Is everything okay?" she asked. "It's almost time to come down for the party, so Princess Twilight and I just wanted to make sure you were ready—"

Twilight heard the door lock shut, turned around... and saw Sunset Shimmer wearing an outfit that Twilight had never seen on her before, but which instantly captivated her. 

If Sunset's fiery hair normally stood out from the rest of her usual cool blue outerwear, it felt right at home amidst the just-as-fiery orange and purple hues of the skirt and top she was wearing right now—to say nothing of an even more ornate leather jacket than her usual. A pair of purple-streaked black leather boots completed the ensemble. 

Twilight stared, wide-eyed, and struggling for words. She hadn't expected any of this. Not that she was complaining in the slightest. "W-... wow," she finally managed to breathe after several moments.

"Hmm?" Sunset said, before noticing Twilight's staring at her outfit. "Oh, right. Yeah," she said, blushing.

"Yeah." Twilight twirled a few strands of her hair around her finger, averting her gaze, and biting her lip exactly once.  "You look... like... really hot right now," she said softly.

Sunset looked away just as shyly. "R-really?"

Twilight looked straight back at her. "Uh-huh. Gorgeous." 

"Well, you beat me to answering that question before I could ask it." Sunset's blush deepened. "Th-thanks."

Twilight finally overcame enough of her captivation to walk over to Sunset. "But... what's with it? You've always been into blue."

"Not always, actually. Only recently." Sunset ran her hands down her outfit. "This," she said with a sigh, "is how I used to dress. Hundreds of Canterlot High students have this image of Sunset Shimmer burned into their brains as the evil would-be queen of the school." She paused, then added in a low voice, "And the world, if I originally had my way."

The whole time she spoke, Sunset avoided Twilight's eyes, holding her arm with her other hand. It didn't take a genius scientist to understand what Sunset was getting at, but Twilight did anyway. Stopping in front of Sunset, she put her hand on Sunset's shoulder.

"Twilight," Sunset breathed, turning to face her. Twilight saw Sunset's geode pendant pulsing with a bright orange glow. She looked into her girlfriend's eyes. They were still normal—not in the tranced state that usually happened when Sunset was occurred into another's heart or memories. 

Twilight pondered what that could mean, as Sunset's eyes stared back into hers. Before she could say anything, however, Sunset said, "I'm ready to talk about it. All of it. Whenever you want to."

With a gasp, Twilight asked, "Are... are you sure?"

Sunset hesitated before replying. "If you're up for it. Yes."

Noticing Sunset's vulnerable voice, and her deepening breaths, Twilight shifted into giving Sunset a slow, soft hug. "I'll listen to everything."

"Th-... thank you," Sunset managed.

Twilight closed her eyes, pressing against Sunset's body, gently and firmly. She felt Sunset's breathing slow. She felt Sunset's shivers subside. She felt Sunset's arms wrap around her.

She heard the light clink of their geode pendants touching.

And then, without any warning whatsoever, Sunset's life flashed before Twilight's eyes.





Twilight saw it all. 

A land full of ponies—unicorns, no less!—with Sunset holding her head high among them. 

A defiant student. A disappointed teacher—who looked a lot like Principal Celestia? A huge argument, followed by self-imposed exile through a magical mirror. 

Anger. Resentment. Hatred. Twilight felt everything Sunset did. 

Then Twilight saw Canterlot High, and saw how one girl, over and over, year after year, turned student against student. Until one day, Twilight's other self came to town, and vanquished the demon within Sunset... while also showing Sunset a glimpse of something better.

Which Sunset tried to get to but couldn't. She felt herself, felt Sunset, being bombarded with confusion. Insecurity. Fear.

She saw three evil girls infiltrate CHS, holding musical concerts while doing exactly what Sunset used to do. Sunset was scared, but balled her fists anyway, as she strode forward, hardest face she could muster, legs shaking, being driven away once, being knocked down... 

...but then getting back up. A leather jacket obscured the heavens. 

And amidst a haze of song and flames, there was realization, redemption... and, finally, rebirth.





Twilight jerked back, the pangs hitting her heart so intensely each of them might as well have been stakes. She gasped for breath, her hand to her chest. "Oh... oh my gosh."

Sunset's eyes flipped up. "W-wait, did that actually... you saw?"

Twilight weakly nodded, and put her hand to Sunset's cheek. "Sunset, I'm... I'm so sorry. You've been through so much."

Sunset looked at Twilight, mystified, then looked down at her pendant, which wasn't glowing anymore. "I can't believe it. I... I was just gathering my thoughts, trying to figure out where to start for when after this party was over—" She jolted. "Oh my gosh, I think she was onto something."

Twilight blinked in confusion. "Who was?"

"Princess Twilight!" Sunset snapped her fingers. "In our letters, she told me that the Elements of Harmony have been going through some... changes, for quite some time now. Turning into a tree... then turning into a castle... it's complicated. The point is, they've kind of taken a mind of their own lately.

"But what Twilight also said is that after they... changed, they were able to zero in on friends who needed help. In fact, friendship magic connects all of Equestria—but as near as any of us know, there are only a few individuals in this world who've been exposed to that same magic. This is assuming a lot, but what if our geodes take more after the Elements of Harmony than we already think they do?"

Both girls' eyes widened and shone. Twilight fingered her own geode. "You think... our magic might be evolving as well?" she asked, barely above a whisper.

Sunset chuckled. "Well, if nothing else, this makes having long talks easier. But your guess is as good as mine. Even Twilight doesn't know what the Elements are up to half the time, much less figuring our geodes out. We'll take it as it comes, just like with any other magic that pops up in this world." She averted her gaze. "'Cause, you know. My fault, my duty, and stuff."

Twilight rested her head on Sunset's shoulder. "Even if it was a few hours early? Thank you for trusting me with everything you just did. I can see now why your past weighs on you so much."

"It does," Sunset said, cradling Twilight. "But it's all right. Because I know you're my future. The others, too."

The two stayed in the embrace for a short while before Twilight stepped back with a sly smile, looking up and down Sunset once again. "Still, I think I need to get back to my time machine blueprints, because seriously! I think I just realized I'm into leather and that thought both intrigues and scares me," she said, blushing.

Sunset blushed as well, and countered, "I don't think you really know what you're asking." Gesturing to herself, she added, "This is the Sunset Shimmer who wanted to enslave two worlds. The one who had Canterlot High so tightly in her grip that not even Principal Celestia could do anything about her." 

Eyebrows slanted, sneer on her face, Sunset sauntered forward, backing Twilight towards the couch with each step. Twilight did her best to ignore the butterflies in her stomach or her shortness of breath as she ran out of room, and her calves hit the cushions. 

With a single fluid motion of her arm, Sunset pushed Twilight to a sitting position on the couch... then bent over Twilight, forcing her backward. Sunset's sneering grin showed teeth as she placed her arms on either side of Twilight, supporting herself on her palms. 

"The Sunset you're asking for? Never cared about anybody's feelings, anybody's wishes, but her own. And you're saying you want this?" she said sultrily, and leaned her face, her lips in close. "I used to eat girls like you for dinner." 

Twi caught her breath, then reached up with one arm, wrapping her hand in Sunset's hair with happy, inviting eyes. 

"Show me," she said in her huskiest voice, and pulled Sunset down for a very long, very quiet kiss, during which Sunset stopped supporting herself with her arms to lay atop Twilight as they enjoyed each other's company. 

Twilight made a mental note to herself that leather warmed rather quickly under the right circumstances. She slid her hands down Sunset's sides. "You might be able to hide the good girl I know you are, but you know what you can't hide? These hips," she said, her hands settling on both sides of them, caressing, then sliding to Sunset's buttocks and squeezing. 

"Mmmmm..." Sunset's eyes fluttered, and she exhaled through pursed lips. "Well, maybe when we have more time... I can show you all of the bad girl you missed out on." She placed her mouth on Twilight's neck and growled like a tiger, the vibration causing Twilight to squeal and laugh ticklishly.

"I'd like that," Twilight replied, then placed one hand on her girlfriend's cheek, caressing there as well, dancing her fingers against Sunset's blush, and relishing Sunset's revering gaze. "Watch out, though. I just might end up showing a certain 'bad girl' the angel she's always had inside her." She kissed Sunset's lips, then licked them as she pulled away. "I wonder if I can redeem her in just one night...?"

Sunset gulped, taking a moaning breath, her sly expression quickly shifting to slack desire. "W-well, it wouldn't be the first time..." she managed.

Twilight was going to reply, but just then her and Sunset's phones dinged in stereo, sending the moment to a crashing halt. Sunset got to hers first. "It's Rarity. She sent it to both of us. Ugh, timing never was her strong su—" She stopped short as she read the message. "Oh my gosh! Everyone's here!"

"Which would make sense—it's past five," said Twilight, just as alarmed. "We're the only ones not down there. And we haven't been for a while!"

"Yeah, not suspicious at all." Sunset rolled her eyes as the two scrambled to straighten themselves up in front of the wall-length bedroom mirror. "All of the jokes. They're going to hit us with all of the jokes."

Once they were both presentable again—to say nothing of cooled back down—Twilight stepped in front of Sunset. "You know... a very wise person once told me that happiness is better than regret. I never quite got what Principal Cadance meant by that until I met you."

"That is pretty wise." Seeing that Twilight didn't move from where she was, Sunset then asked, "Twi? Everything all right?"

"Well," Twilight said, "What I mean is, I may love this outfit, but if, like you said, everyone down there has some pretty bad memories associated with it... then are you sure...?" She trailed off.

Sunset nodded, and Twilight was relieved to see the determination in her eyes. "That's why. This is something I have to do. For them, but even more for me. To prove that who I am inside overrides any outward appearance." She pulled at her jacket's lapel. "Besides, I still like this thing, and I need all the outfits I can get."

She smiled. Twilight smiled back. "As long as it makes you happy, it makes me happy," Twilight said.

"It will, very soon," Sunset giggled, pulling Twilight into a hug. "I'm so glad we found each other, Twilight. Honestly, I think we were meant to. To clean slates?"

Twilight nodded, leaning into the hug. "To clean slates. For both of us."

They parted, and Sunset took a deep breath, followed by a just-as-deep exhale. "I guess it's time to do this."

"Don't worry," Twilight said, stepping to the door. "You'll have me beside you. Now, and always."

"Thanks," Sunset said. "And hey."

Twilight turned around and found herself on the receiving end of one last, breathless kiss.

"I love you," Sunset said.

"I love you too," Twilight said with a wink. "No matter which side of the bed you wake up on."

She opened the door, and Sunset stepped to Twilight's side. Twilight saw Sunset's smiling face, which never looked more peaceful than it did right now. 

Maybe this shut-in science girl got some things right after all.

Twilight smiled in kind, and took Sunset's hand. 

Sunset grasped it firmly, and the two of them stepped outside.