//------------------------------//
// Rainy Day Kisses 
// Story: FlutterDash Funsies 
// by lolnewsPegasus 
//------------------------------//

It was a rainy day in Ponyville, and a cyan Pegasus mare, with her prismatic mane wet due to standing in awe of her weather team’s great job, and the thought of messing with Applejack about her crops, was trotting proudly, carrying apples and daisies in her saddlebags, and carrying her tortoise Tank in one of her wings.

“Oh boy, Tank,” she said happily. “We sure did a rad job with the rain, huh?”

She looked at where she was heading, to the path heading to Everfree Forest, where a cottage filled with forest animals lay, quaint yet warm and cozy. She could also see where she relocated her house, the Cloudominium, from where she is.

“I hope she’d like what I have, Tank,” she said with a gulp.

She reached the cottage, where she wiped her hooves on the mat and gave a knock on the door.

The door opened revealing a cream yellow Pegasus mare, with her long flowing pink mane hiding most of her face.

“Oh, Rainbow Dash,” she said, beaming slightly. “What brings you here--”

She felt a warm and soft pair of lips collide with hers in a quick kiss that took her off guard.

“Oh, my…” she said, turning red. “Give me another please?” she said, taking her mane aside to show both her eyes at the speedster.

Rainbow Dash turned red. “I love you so much,” she said in awe.

They got closer to each other and started to kiss again, several light pecks turning into deeper ones.

Tank tugged on one of Dash’s feathers, signaling his mother to put him down.

Dash pulled out of her kisses with Fluttershy to briefly place the tortoise down on the floor. She then playfully tackled her love, grabbing her as she hovered towards the couch. Fluttershy lay down on the couch with open hooves, beckoning for her mare to get close to her.

Rainbow Dash wanted to melt in her marefriend’s hooves, as she carefully landed on top of Fluttershy, their bodies close together, and their muzzles up close to one another. The prismatic mare stared lovingly into her dear’s clear, blue eyes, and captured the lips of the shy mare once again.

Fluttershy felt her heart soar when Rainbow Dash’s tongue poked at her lips, giving entrance. Their kiss grew deeper, tongues dancing with each other as the timid mare felt her cheeks burn with her blushing. She could feel her mate’s breaths brush her hair, and her heart could swoon if she could.

Rainbow Dash unfurled her wings, her tips brushing against Fluttershy’s wing limbs, gently tracing through her covert feathers one by one. This sent shivers up Fluttershy’s spine, and she broke the kiss, gasping for air.

“Rain… bow… Dash…” she said in between breaths. “You know… I’m ticklish… there…”

Dash grinned. She whispered into Flutters’ ear, “I wanna hear you giggle, babe.”

Fluttershy cooed, “Mmm, I just wanna hold this gorgeous mare on top of me for forever…”

Dash rolled her eyes, smirking. She littered Fluttershy with kisses, from her ear to her cheek, trying to coax a giggle from the terrestrial Pegasus mare.

Fluttershy pulled Rainbow’s muzzle to hers, saying “Shhh, you. You, nibbly wibbly little mare, you.”

Rainbow Dash rubbed her muzzle gently against Fluttershy’s. “I… love… you… so much…” she whispered, and kissed Fluttershy, tasting her soft lips once more.

The moment was tender, and sweet.

Until seven carrots were thrown at the kissing mares.

“Hey, squirt! What was that about?” Dash shouted.

There stood the culprit, Angel the cross-looking white bunny, thumping his foot on the ground, with Tank trying to pull him away.

Fluttershy looked at Rainbow Dash, gave her a kiss, and said, “I’ll handle this,” with a squee.

Dash flapped her wings, flying above the couch to give Fluttershy some room. Fluttershy looked at Angel, cross but concerned.

“Angel Bunny,” she started. “What’s the meaning of you throwing carrots at me and Rainbow Dash?”

Angel grumpily pointed at the clock, thumping his foot.

“Angel Bunny, you know it’s your last slice.” Fluttershy said.

Angel’s stare didn’t flinch.

Fluttershy sighed, walking to the kitchen. “Now don’t say I didn’t tell you, so don’t go looking for cake because you know you finished it, okay?”

Angel sighed, knowing well that Fluttershy won’t be buying him his favorite carrot cake until Sunday, as Pinkie and the Cakes stick to their daily specials schedule religiously.

Rainbow Dash looked at Tank, still hanging on Angel’s ear.

“Alright, tough guy, let go of the squirt.” Dash said, smiling.

She picked up the shelled reptile and rested him onto the couch. He looked at Rainbow and blinked. “I know, he’s more stubborn lately, though.”

Blink.

“You’re right.” Rainbow sighed. “He’d be much worse if Flutters and I are living together.”

Fluttershy heard Rainbow mention the idea of them living together, and her wings perked up.

“Oh, my…” Fluttershy thought as she placed the cake into Angel’s bowl.

Angel rushed to the bowl, not noticing Fluttershy deep in her imagination. Her mind raced around the thoughts of her and Dashy, in one afternoon, Dash discovering her and she doing the same.

Her thoughts getting steamier, her and her darling Dashy getting busier, not to mention the thought of their eyes locking on to each other, as they both—

Next thing she knew, she was on the floor, with Rainbow Dash wiping her head with a damp towel.

“Woah, you okay?” she asked, looking worried. “You kinda turned really really red, like Big Mac red. Then you fell down on the floor and--”

She got cut off by a sudden kiss from Fluttershy.

“You were thinking about me, weren’t you?” she asked.

Fluttershy nodded. “I was just thinking… of you… and me… you know…”

Rainbow Dash turned red. She looked away and asked, “Doing… stuff?”

Fluttershy nodded.

“The baby making stuff?” Dash asked, blushing more

“We’re both mares…” Fluttershy replied, blushing too, however her mind told her, “We have Twilight…”

“Wanna try?” Dash asked.

“Tonight?” Fluttershy asked back.