> Messages From Home
>  by Jay David
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Messages From Home
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Flash, there were few things in life that brought as much of a smile to his face as being able to visit his girlfriend, Sunset. And today, he was dong just that. Walking along the often-trod path, he soon arrived at her front door, balling his hand into a fist and knocking once or twice upon it. After a few moments of waiting patiently, he watched as the door creaked open. There, waiting on the other side, was his beloved Sunset. The two youths smiled lovingly to one another, with Sunset taking a step forward and planting a gentle and tender kiss on his lips. As one would expect, Flash enjoyed that moment very much, as evidenced by the wide smile he wore afterwards, much to Sunset's slight amusement. And speaking of whom, the former unicorn now stepped aside, allowing her lover entry into her home. Once inside, Flash watched as his Equestrian girlfriend closed said door, before looking to him and speaking in a soft tone.


"Get here okay?"


Chuckling briefly, the boy nodded.


"Yep. A few more red lights at the crossings than I would have liked, but nothing really stopped me."


Sunset nodded back.


"Sounds good. Would you like some tea?"


Again, Flash nodded, and having been given her answer, Sunset moved over to the table that sat in the middle of the apartment's main room. Flash, meanwhile, got himself comfortable on the sofa, watching as Sunset took an already-prepared pot of tea and carefully pouring it into two small cups. Having done so, Sunset then took a seat right next to Flash, picking up her own cup and giving in a gentle blow, before promptly taking a sip from it. Flash did the same, and together, the youngsters enjoyed this moment of quiet and calm between them. But, while Flash would have undoubtedly wanted this peaceful moment to last as long as possible, he halted just short of his next sip, when he glanced to Sunset and noted, just for an instant, that there seemed to be something bothering her.


"Sunset? Are you okay?"


Putting on another smile, Sunset answered.


"Sure. I'm fine."


But Flash, having been with her for some time now, was always able to recognise when something was giving her cause for concern. So, after setting his cup down on the table again, he looked to her with uttermost seriousness.


"Sunset..."


He didn't finish, but his tone made it abundantly clear that he wasn't going to be placated by her insistence on "being fine". So, after taking another sip of her own drink, Sunset let out a long sigh, looking to her boyfriend before speaking up.


"It's just...well..."


Looking over her shoulder, she glanced to the one lone object sitting upon a nearby smaller table. It was the magic book that allowed her to communicate with Equestria, and, more specifically, to Princess Twilight. Flash, seeing that, gained a rather worried look himself.


"Is something wrong over in Equestria?"


Sunset shook her head.


"No, everything's fine...now."


Confusion took hold in the boy's face, and Sunset, realising that her prior answer wasn't going to be enough, soon opened her mouth to reply. But then, to her surprise, she was kept from doing so by Flash, who spoke first.


"Sunset...just so you know...if you're not comfortable talking about this...I'll understand."


She loved him for that, and the smile she wore made that sentiment very clear. But, reaching forward, she gently placed her hand upon the side of his face, once more speaking in a soft and loving tone.


"Thank you...but it's okay. I...I actually want to talk to somebody about this."


Flash, clearly relaxed by her touch, gave a nod to that, and thus remained silent as his lover got her thoughts in order. Eventually, and after letting out a long sigh, she spoke.


"It's just...during my time corresponding with Twilight...she's sometimes talked about the stuff she and her friends have done over in Equestria. And..."


She looked away, hesitating briefly.


"...it sounds like a lot of bad stuff has happened over there since I first came over here to the human world."


Flash's face started to bear more than the usual amount of concern.


"...Trouble?"


Looking to him, Sunset nodded.


"Yeah...big trouble."


She then raised both hands.


"It all turned out okay, so don't worry. But still..."


Sunset glanced away from him.


"...it...it worries me...all that bad stuff that's been happening over there."


Looking to one hand, she started counting off her fingers.


"Changeling invasions...the return of monsters like Tirek...having a dictator called the Storm King waltz in and try to enslave them...all sorts of stuff."


As before, she let out a long sigh.


"Equestria is my home...and the ponies are my people...and yet...while I've been here...they've all gone through so much."


Anger came to her.


"And where was I? Safe...here. My people have been through Hell and..."


"You wish you could have been there...to help them."


Surprised, Sunset turned to her boyfriend.


"Y...yes."


Hearing her, Flash nodded, looking away himself.


"If...if it makes you feel any better...I think I understand."


This time, it was Sunset's turn to be confused.


"What do you mean?"


The boy took a long while, trying to think on how best to word his feelings on the matter. Then, after having been given space by Sunset, he explained.


"Sunset...I love you. And I realise that you're a capable girl, always able to overcome whatever's been thrown at you. But..."


His tone softened.


"...but when I think about everything you've been through...all the enemies you've had to face with Twilight and Rainbow and the others...I worry."


Slowly, he looked down to his open hands.


"Whenever those problems come up...I can't really help. Nor can any of us at that school. I'm just a spectator, like Lyra and Derpy and the rest, watching from the sides while you and the girls take the hit for us. And not a day goes by when I don't think to just...you know...run out there and help."


Sunset seemed shocked at that.


"Flash, you have no magic! If you did do that, you'd probably get hurt!"


Flash nodded.


"I know...but that doesn't stop me from wanting to help all the same."


Gradually, he looked back to her, staring right into her eyes.


"Sunset...you are the most wonderful, amazing person I know. It speaks volumes about you that you'd want to go back to your home to help them whenever some big disaster comes their way. It means you've come so very, very far from the girl you used to be."


Then, he smiled.


"I can't really speak with any authority on what goes on over there. But I do know that Twilight would be proud to know that you're worried about her. That she has a friend like you who holds her dear enough to want to put yourself at risk."


Raising a hand, Flash, in a move that mirrored Sunset's a while back, placed it upon her shoulder.


"And remember...if you're worried about them...just think of how they must feel when you tell them about the stuff that goes on at this side of the portal."


Sunset considered that, realisation coming to her.


"I...I guess...Twilight and Princess Celestia...must be pretty worried about me."


Flash's smile widened.


"Of course they do..."


Leaning forward, he planted a small kiss upon her forehead.


"...because they love you, Sunset. Just like I do. Just like Fluttershy, Applejack...and all of us."


Looking to him, seeing the honest and earnest way he'd said that, much of the worry seemed to leave the ex-unicorn. She let out a relaxed sigh, as though releasing much of the discomfort she'd felt during all of this. And then, she scooted along on the sofa, embracing her lover in a warm hug, which he was sure to return. Silence passed between the two, and when they parted, Sunset looked up to him, speaking warmly.


"Thank you, Flash."


The boy nodded back to her.


"And thank you...for always saving us."


A chuckle escaped her at that.


"Come on...we should probably finish our tea."
