> The spark of redemption
>  by Audio-interneted
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> A traumatic commence
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

There she was, walking down the long, cold, and wet corridors of the changeling hive. She had a tall and skinny figure. She was dark gray with a line of green running down her back. She had turquoise hair and green eyes, but what was most terrifying about her was probably the random holes she had on her hooves, and on her horn. Her wings were that of an insect. It was the infamous, all powerful, and feared, Queen Chrysalis.

"My Queen!" "My Queen!" A smaller Changeling called out to Chrysalis, trying to get her attention. He was not as scary looking as Chrysalis, he was a lot smaller, but was still a changeling.

"What is it." Chrysalis turned her frustrated head and responded in a terrifying tone, which made the changeling back away a bit.

"Uhhhh, ohhh, I just came to say, he's awake my Queen." He responded with fear, which made Chrysalis smile, but her smile was mostly due to another topic.

"Finally!" "It certainly took him long enough, prepare him for my arrival." Chrysalis raised her hoof as any dictator would due to there servants.

"Yes my Queen." The changeling wasted no time and turned the opposite direction and dashed off too his destination. He kept running and running down the long corridors of the changeling hive, passing by dozens of rooms. Some of theses rooms had ponies trapped inside. They were tied up to the walls and tortured, beaten to a pulp, some of them were being attacked, brutally. The changelings did need live victims to feed on their love, and that is of course what a changeling's diet mostly consists of.

The changeling kept running though. He wasted no time, because he knew of Chrysalis' plan, and could make no mistake in his part of it. He kept running, down long uneven staircases which made him trip, but it only took him one second to get up and keep going. He had finally reached his destination, with Chrysalis only five minutes behind. And what was his destination you might ask? Well it was a prison cell. 

It had a bed with a pillow and a mattress, a sink with a mirror and a bench (not bad for a considered "prison cell"). A small lantern the hung from the ceiling of the cell illuminated a faint green light, which was just enough to light the room. The cell door was as normal as any other door, but it had a large lock that was magic resistant. There was a unicorn pony laying on the bed, rubbing his own head, he was still unaware of where the hell he was, or why he was there.

The changeling unlocked the cell door and entered to find the helpless unicorn still rubbing his head. "Come on, get over the pain, the Queen is on her way and will be here any second, now, GET UP!" The changeling demanded the stallion in pain to get up and present himself to Chrysalis, but he refused.

The dark stallion pierced a menacing look at the changeling with his fierce red eyes which made the changeling snap.

"How dare you! Treat me like that after what we have done for you! I will personally show you your place here bastard!" The changeling was threatening King Sombra himself. Sombra rose from the bed before the changeling could strike him and with one blow from Sombra, the changeling blasted backward threw the wall and out the other side. The changeling was gasping for air as three of his rib bones were sticking out from his chest. His back left leg was bent the wrong way, and a piece of stone hit his left eye and blood was dripping out from his wounds. 

"Well I can see somepony made himself at home." Chrysalis stood just behind the wounded changeling who was begging for her Queen's help.  Two different changelings then appeared behind her and carried the wounded changeling away for treatment.

Sombra tried his best to maintain an upright posture, but he was still lightheaded, and in pain. "Aagghh, errrrr, eeee!!" Sombra stroked his own head as it felt like needles were pierced into it.

"The pain your experiencing is from the healing spell, without it you would be dead, do not worry the pain will leave in a few hours." Chrysalis walked towards him. She was a little taller than him, but Sombra was way more muscular, and Chrysalis liked that, a lot.

"What happened? Why am I here? I was in the Crystal Empire, and then, I fell." He was trying so hard to remember what happened, but could only make out faint images from his brain.

Chrysalis smiled and walked closer to Sombra. "Well to make this short, you tricked Luna, and then attacked the Crystal Empire, but when the Crystal heart was restored, it destroyed you, oh and you lost your horn, but we revived you, healed you, gave you a new horn, and a new opportunity, if your interested."

Sombra then remembered, the hole ordeal with Luna, and the Crystal heart. "How long was I out?" Sombra asked in a demanding and rude tone, but Chrysalis responded anyways.

"You were out for a hole day, but the Crystal Empire attack was three days ago." Chrysalis said this then ordered any nearby changelings to leave, she didn't want any being thrown threw walls like the last changeling was. "Oh, and I might also add that the hole world thinks your dead Sombra, just thought you might want to know."

"Really? No pony but you and the other changeling's know I'm alive?" Sombra was actually surprised no pony in Equestria knew he was still alive.

"How do you like your new horn? Does it suit you my king?" Chrysalis' smile widened as she eyed down Sombra.

"Well, I can't say I'm impressed." Sombra looked in the mirror, there were no scares, nothing to prove his body was completely destroyed, but revived again.

"Shut up Sombra. You know if you were a truly smart "King" you would've let me do the attacking, and the planning." Chrysalis moved closer to Sombra until she was only about a foot from his muzzle.

"Oh you think you could've done better Chrysalis? Let us look back when you attacked Canterlot and the royal wedding. Mmmmmmmm, and how well did that go uh?" Sombra puffed his chest, competition was growing in the room.

Chrysalis lifted an eyebrow. "How do you know about Cadance's wedding? I don't see how that is possible, unless you were there of course." Chrysalis' eyebrow rose even more, and Sombra backed down, lowering his head a little.

"Oh come on, don't tell me you know of the wedding because this "I love Luna" thing. Sombra's head lowered even more, as he came to realise that somehow, Chrysalis knew about him and Luna.

"Umm....ehhh....errrr I...I..l don't love her, that's.....that's just a rumor." Sombra REALLY struggling to speak under his embarrassment. 

"Well, I really don't care, but even if you did love her, I got to say Sombra, you have a poor taste in mare's." Chrysalis' evil smile on her face widened.

"Don't give me that bullshit Chrysalis, you were never something to look at, at least to my eyes." Sombra hissed a little, he got a little angry at Chrysalis' sly remark.

The two looked at each other for a minute before Sombra broke the silence. "Why did you save me? You obviously went out of your way to resurrect me and heal me? And earlier you said a new opportunity, what did you mean by that?" Sombra's tone was as serious as ever, he wanted to get to the bottom of this little "game" now.

"Well I have a proposition for you, if your interested." Chrysalis smiled at Sombra, he thought about it for a minute. Something different happened to Sombra then, before he just agreed to do whatever Chrysalis wanted to do with him, he thought of Luna, and the amazing nights he had spent with her. Did he really want to continue on this path? Or was Luna more valuable to him than Chrysalis and her evil plans. He finally spoke out loud, once again breaking the silence.

"I am listening."
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

It was midnight in Canterlot.  The moon was at it's peak, all the wealthy and poor ponies of the famous city were fast asleep. lovers were snuggling together under their bed covers, the homeless made do with any shelter they could get their hooves on, foals were in bed dreaming of what all children dream of. The only ponies to be seen still awake were they bat pony night guards, guarding the castle so no unexpected crimes decided to be committed under the cover of dark, and of course the princess of the night herself.

Princess Luna was trotting down the hallways of the Canterlot castle. It was dark, and guards ponies were they only ponies out of bed. She had just finished all of her royal duties and was preparing to quit for the night. Her expression was as depressed as ever, she had never felt so defeated. Just when she thought everything was going to be ok, it all turned south for her and the love she shared with the stallion she loved, King Sombra.

She was just in front of her bedroom door when a night guard had approached her rear. "Your highness." The bat pony bowed with respect to her princess.

"What does thou want, we are tired." Luna turned and faced the kneeling guard.

"Forgive me your highness, but her highness princess Celestia request an audience with you immediately in her chambers."

"At this time of night? surely thou most be mistaken." Luna said with a smirk on her face, she was exhausted and did not feel the need to walk all the way to her sisters bedroom at this time of night.

"Forgive me again your highness, but I'm afraid she is insisting." The guard rose from his bowing position but not dared look Luna in the eyes, for even he could fell her pain.

"We are confused, why does our sister wish to speak with us at this hour, ummm?" Luna launched her head forward looking for a name on the bat ponies armor. 

"Night Core your highness, my name is Night Core. I am a private in the Night guard." The guard said this with hesitation and with fear. Princess Luna eyed him down and smiled, she could see the fear in his eyes.

"Do not be afraid Night Core, does thou know why our sister calls for us?" Luna backed away and lifted her head with pride, Night Core rose his body, revealing his Lunar armor to his princess.

"I'm afraid I have no idea your highness, I only know she really wants to speak with you immediately."

"Uhhhh, very well, shall you escort me to Celestia's chambers." Luna walked past Night Core in all her glory. 

"Very well your highness, I shall." Night Core had escorted Luna during the five minute walk to Celestia's bedroom door where they stopped.

"Thou shall stay here Night Core." Luna said to the night guard who immediately stood too attention next to the door, and Luna entered to see Celestia, laying on a pillow in front of a fire. She was reading a book, the book looked unfamiliar to Luna, but Luna didn't really care. She entered and shut the door behind her.

"Sister, is everything ok?" Luna asked Celestia with concern in her voice, usually at this time Celestia would be sound asleep, but for her to request an audience with Luna at midnight? Something was definitely wrong.

"Everything is great actually, for me at least." Celestia stood from where she was laying and walked towards Luna.

'What do you mean Tia?" Luna slightly stepped back from Celestia, she had taken her comment as an insult. Celestia turned the opposite direction and walked toward the side window of her bedroom.

"Luna, stop trying to put this off, what is really bothering you, no lies this time, ok?" Luna then knew that she couldn't put this off anymore. Ever since she lost Sombra, well we can just say it was down hill from there. Celestia actually knew what was wrong, she knew Luna loved Sombra, and she also knows Sombra had feelings for her, but he still carried on his dark path and betrayed Luna, and attacked the Crystal Empire.

Luna sighed heavily, but finally got the strength to speak. "I think you already know the problem, actually I know you know the problem, it's just....well........it's been hard since Sombra.

"Luna it's only been three days since the Crystal empire incident, I know it's hard, I know you two really did feel for each other, but...."

"But what, just because he betrayed me once we had to kill him! He just deserved to die!" Luna cut off Celestia mid sentence, Luna's rude remark made Celestia a little angry.

"Look, Sombra told you he would stop, but he went behind your back and put innocent lives at risk. What if he was victorious?! Would you still love him if he had killed Cadance and Shinning and took the Crystal Empire for himself?" Celestia really raised her voice, she really had some steam that needed to let loose.

"Luna I love you, you're my little sister, you're one of my many responsibilities, I'm sorry killing Sombra broke your heart, I'm truly am, but you must understand why we had to do it." Luna started to tear, she fell to the ground with her hooves over her head.

"Oh Luna, I truly feel sorry for you, but I don't want you to beat yourself over this, and I certainly don't want you to beat other ponies over this, it will be hard, but we will move on, we are the leaders of Equestria, and we must. Do you understand Luna?"

Luna was laying on the ground, sobbing still. Celestia then walked over and sat next to her and stroked her back, she gave her hurt sister the comfort she deserved. 

"Do you understand Luna?" Celestia raised Luna's chin with her front right hoof and wiped the tears from her cheeks. 

"Yeah, I guess I do, I'm so sorry Celestia, I'm sorry for everything." Luna hugged Celestia in a tight embrace, Celestia hugged her sister back.

"Shh it's not your fault Luna, remember, Sombra betrayed you, it will always be on Sombra." 

"Celestia? do you think he will ever come back?" Luna looked towards the ground, still sobbing and hugging Celestia as all sisters would.

"No, I think he's gone for good this time Luna, I'm sorry." 

Celestia supported Luna, giving her the comfort she deserved. She hated to see her this depressed about Sombra, but she also feared of what the future would bring for everypony if Luna kept being this sad, this depressed.

The two alicorn sisters stayed with each other for the remainder of the night. Luna and Celestia would start the next day knowing the conflict would be over, for good.

But they were all deceived.
> Book of the Stolen Soul
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Another day has passed by, just as slow as the previous one for Luna. Although Luna was still in disarray, everypony else in Canterlot, Ponyville, and in the Crystal Empire were singing, dancing, and celebrating the death of king Sombra, but not Luna. Although, everypony didn’t know that Sombra was more alive than ever, and he was getting very comfortable at the changeling hive, the world just couldn’t know yet, it was too soon.

Luna had just awoken from a long cold sleep. Every time she awoken from bed she would remember the amazing nights she had always spent sleeping with Sombra, she wanted him back so bad, but deep down inside she knew it was truly time to move on, but it would take some time for that to happen. The truly terrible part was Sombra had only been “dead” for a couple of days, so let’s just say Luna has some hard times ahead. 

The clock struck eight p.m. on a warm spring day. Luna rose from her bed, sighed heavily, and walked into the bathroom to get ready for breakfast. When she was in the bathroom she looked at herself in the mirror. When she looked at herself she saw somepony different. She didn’t see the beautiful, immortal, mare of the moon the world was accustomed too, no, she saw nothing, no soul, no spirit, just depression, and defeat,

Luna never had an easy life, even for a princess. She got banished to the moon for a thousand years, she tried to cover the world in eternal night twice, and when she did destroyed Nightmare Moon, everypony feared her, like she was still the monster she destroyed, some ponies still to this day are afraid of Luna because of the Nightmare Moon ordeal. Luna had no pony, no pony to talk to, no pony for support in the hard times, all she had was Celestia, but Luna wanted more then just her sister, she wanted a special somepony to comfort her, and support her, somepony that would love her and not fear her, somepony who didn’t see her as a princess, but a lover. Sombra was supposed to be that somepony, Lune knew in her heart he would be, but she was obviously wrong.

Luna then opened the shower door and turned the handle clockwise, and warm water started to run down from the shower head. She made sure the bathroom door was locked, and climbed into the shower and closed the shower door. The steam from the hot water started to fill the bathroom, the hot water ran down Luna’s mane and rump, she let out a soft moan as the hot water massaged her back. 

Luna remained in the shower for ten minutes before exiting. She dried her mane and her body, and put on her regalia and crown, ready to start yet another long, cold, lonely night. She exited the bathroom but before she could exit her room for breakfast, she noticed that a book was laying on her dresser. Luna had a small bookshelf next to her bed that contained a few books, but she rarely touched them.

“Funny, how did you get here? I don’t recall moving you from the book shelf. Now let’s put you back where you belo...” Before Luna could finish her sentence she looked at the book cover curiously, it looked familiar to her. She walked closer to the book and picked it up. It was heavy for a moderately short book, it was red with a black crystal sketched on the cover, their was writing just above the image. It said; “The darkest secrets are at bay.” Luna had no bucking clue, she had never seen this before until now.

She flipped open the book, the first page only had a few words. “Property of the stolen soul,” was written on the top of the page. The writing was strange, it wasn’t cursive, nor was it  normal English writing, but it was legible, at least to Luna. Luna still could recognize it, she had seen it before, she was sure of it. Luna closed the book and examined the cover once more. 

“Yes! That’s it!” She had finally remembered, it was the same book the Celestia was reading over the fire just a couple of days ago.

“How in the world did it end up here? Celestia must’ve put it here, but why?” Before she could finish talking to herself, which was a habit of hers, there was a knock on the door.

“Come in.” Luna called out loud enough for the pony knocking outside to here her voice, then Luna quickly opened her cabinet drawer and placed the book in it. Luna didn't want anypony else to know about the book until she knew what it was or where it came from.

“You’re majesty princess Luna.” A bat pony guardsman wearing his armor had opened her room door, but not dared enter, Luna knew exactly who it was.

“Ah, well if it isn’t mister private Night Core, you seem on the edge a little, is everything ok?” Luna asked as she turned around asking him without even looking at him.

“Of course you’re highness, Celestia had sent me to see if you were coming to dinn.....I mean breakfast.” Night Core remembered that Luna eats breakfast at night, and dinner in the morning.

“She sent you? That is strange.” Luna put her front hoof up to her chin, knowing that at this hour their would still be Solar guards on duty, but Celestia went out of her way to send a Night guard? It was a little strange, but Luna didn’t worry about it, there were to many other things to worry about.

So then Luna walked down the royal hallways toward the direction of the royal dining area. Two Solar guards bowed and opened the door for Luna as she entered the dining room to see Celestia sitting at the table. 

“Ah, sister, it’s about time, I was beginning to think you weren’t coming, is everything alright?” Celestia asked Luna while she raised her hoof telling the waiters to bring Luna her coffee and breakfast. Luna sat down at the table. Coffee was poured into her cup, it was black coffee, which was just the way she liked it.

“Celestia, is it ok if I ask you something?” Luna placed her cup of coffee down and looked towards Celestia.

“Of course Luna, what seems to be the issue.” 

“Well when I got out of the shower this morning their was a unusual book on my dresser, it was red with a drawing of crystals on it.” Luna had told Celestia everything she knew about the book, but their was still tons she didn’t know about it, she only had the chance to flip threw two pages.

“Who was the author of the book? I may be able to identify it by it's author.” Celestia was still eating her wheat bread and chicken dumpling soup, which was her favorite besides cake of course.

“The only resemblance of a name I was able to find on the book was the “Stolen Soul”, do you have any ideas sister?” Luna picked up her coffee and took another sip, then used her magic to slice her toast.

“I’m sorry, but I honestly have no clue, that is a reference I have never heard of, but perhaps you should speak to Twilight Sparkle about it, she knows a lot more about books that I do, she literally lives in them.” Celestia had finished her soup and was served a generous slice of chocolate cake. 

“YOUR’RE HIGHNESSES!!!!” Both alicorns suddenly froze when a bat pony night guard ran into the middle of their feast, both Luna and Celestia weren’t very happy about it.

“This had better be good enough for you to rush into our dinner and scream at the top of you lungs like that!” Celestia stood up angry at the guardspony. 

“I’m sorry, but Canterlot is under attack!”

Both Luna’s and Celestia’s eyes widened and both their jaws dropped.

Celestia was the first to stand and speak. “Attack? Who would dare attack Canterlot?” Celestia speared the guardspony with her eyes, and Luna did the same, at first they had a hard time believing the guardspony.

“Please, you must believe me, plea.......” Before he could finish he was interrupted by Luna, she walked towards him.

“Just explain everything. Every detail, as clearly as possible.” Luna knew deep down that something had the night guard really spooked.

“Some solar guards spotted a changeling in the garden, he or she made a magic portal and dozens of other changelings appeared threw the portal.” Before the night guard could finish explaining, Celestia and Luna raced towards the gardens, they had had dealings with the changelings before and knew that those dealings lead to, mixed results for both sides.

Celestia and Luna had finally reached the gardens, and to their surprise they saw a green portal, around it 11 changelings, each one of them had a prisoner tied in bonds. The prisoners were solar guards, Night guards, and even two maids.

“Changelings! How dare you enter Canterlot and tie up our guards and maids! You shall release them and leave at once!” Celestia snarled a very aggressive manor, sounds Luna had never heard Celestia make, Luna could tell, Celestia was very pissed! Celestia hated the changelings after what happened at Cadance’s wedding, but Luna just hated Chrysalis, she knew the other changelings were bad, but she hated Chrysalis with all her royal might.

There was a moment of silence until it was broken by Luna. “Release them, and Leave at once!” Luna snarled almost as aggressively as Celestia did. 

“Or what?” A tall slender figure came crawling threw the portal, it was Chrsyalis.

“Will you banish me to the moon, miss princess of the sun!” Chrysalis walked closer to Celestia and Luna, it was a full on stare down between them.

“Chrysalis, why are you here, and why did you Kidnap these ponies?” Celestia tried hard to contain her anger, she thought she could peacefully resolve the situation. 

“Oh I just came to stop by and say hello, these ponies will be a gift to me from you, for my hospitality.” Chrysalis chuckled evilly, Celestia and Luna have never made a more deathly death glare in their immortal lives before.

“So is kidnapping ponies hospitality? I don’t think so, now release them!” Luna stepped forward and hissed at Chysalis, to Luna’s surprise, Chrysalis’s smiled widened.

“So when did you become the aggressive one Luna? I always thought of you as a gentle pony, is it because your dearly beloved stallion made his unforgettable demise, on you’re families hooves I might add.” Chrysalis turned her attention to Luna, Luna was completely shell shocked that she knew of Sombra.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about Chrysalis! Now leave!” Luna denied the statement she made, even though Luna was really denying the truth.

“Ok I will, but with my love slaves.” Chrysalis turned and faced the portal, tension was rising, then dozens of solar guards appeared behind Luna and Celestia, they waited for their princesses command.

"This is your last warning Chrysalis, release my subjects and leave immediately!" Celestia snarled even more aggressively, of the many things she cared about, the safety of her subjects were more valuable to her than anything else.

"Or what Princess." Chrysalis  walked closer towards Luna and prepared herself for a fight. Luna and Celestia prepared to give the command for attck, but before Celestia could give the order to attack, Chrysalis reared up and raised her horn. It started to glow green and a huge flash emerged from it, knocking Luna, Celestia, and all the solar guards off their hooves. Then Chrysalis jolted for the portal, the other changelings not far behind her. The kidnapped ponies were being tossed threw the portal one by one, Celestia, Luna and the other guards were still dizzy and unaware of whet was happening, the blast that came from Chrysalis caught all of them off guard.

When they finally had come to their senses, it was to late. The portal closed, Chrysalis and the other changelings were all gone, and all the hostages along with them.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Luna was the first the get on her hooves, then Celestia, then the others.

"Search ever part of Canterlot for any trace of them, then report back to me." Celestia commanded the Captain of the solar guard, he was large, and was almost as tall as Celestia. He was very muscular, and handsome. He had a white coat, and a pearl mane, he was a pegasus, his name was Royal Shield.

"Yes your majesty." Captain Shield then turned and commanded his soldiers to start looking at once. Celestia turned to see Luna standing in the garden alone, looking at the setting sun. Luna had not yet rose the moon, she didn't exactly get the chance to. Just when Luna thought things were going ok, this happens, and 11 hostages are gone.

"Well find them Luna, I wont stop to they are all back home safely." Celestia put a hoof on Luna's right shoulder.

"Sister, I think something bigger is at work here." Luna turned and looked at Celestia with fear in her eyes, which was something Celestia had seen in her eyes in ages. 

"Their changelings, they probably kidnapped them so they could feed on their love, so why do you say that?" Celestia asked confused but worried also.

"Well I know changelings feed on ponies love, but how did Chrysalis know about Sombra? How did she know I loved him? How could she possibly know?" Noise was starting to set off in the background. Captain Shield was gathering as may guards  he could find to search Canterlot, as her princess commanded.

"If their is something bigger sister, we will get to the bottom of it." Luna cheered up a little, she didn't know what to do. Should she help with the search? Should she help create a plan to save the hostages at the changeling hive? She had no clue.

"Maybe you should lay this on off, you've had it pretty rough lately, why don't you go to Ponyville and ask Twilight about your book like I recommended, and I will oversee the search and rescue plan for the hostages." Celestia and Luna turned and walked back into the castle, their heads were still a little sore from the blast, but they would live.

"Really? You would do that for me Celestia?" 

"Of course I would, I would recommend leaving in the morning if you're going to Ponyville." 

"As a matter of fact I think I will, thanks sister." Luna and Celestia turned and walked out onto a balcony. Celestia lowered the sun, followed by Luna raising the moon.

"Your welcome Luna." Celestia hugged Luna and turned and exited the balcony, she started looking for Captain Shield to get a repot on his progress.

What a crazy night, Luna thought to herself, it went from a relaxing long hot shower, to a normal breakfast/dinner with Celestia, to Chrysalis attacking Canterlot and taking 11 hostages, and all in one night.

Luna sighed, she was still on the balcony, she looked up at the moon, and thought of Sombra, she would do anything to have him in her hooves again, but at this point it doesn't seem thats going to happen. Luna's thoughts were suddenly broke by pain coming from her stomach. For the past couple of days Luna has had constant stomach pains, but these pains were different from any regular gas pains, Luna knew something was wrong, for these pains to keep happening. She agreed to herself hat if they didn't go away in the next week, she would see a doctor, but she had bigger things on her mind.
