> It's Going Down
>  by Nerdz
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Chapter One: Six Months Later
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Darkness shrouded the chamber, enhancing the pale green glow emanating from the cauldron smoking in the center of the room. Four cloaked figures emerged from the shadows. The blue filly reached the pewter cauldron first, a crystal phial filled with a glittery golden liquid clutched tightly in her pale pink aura. With a flick of magic, she removed the stopper and poured a single drop of the golden substance into the potion before her. The smoke turned a pale purple as she corked the phial and tucked it into her cloak.

A slate grey colt stepped forward, a corded sack resting in his own blood-red glow. He opened the bag, pinching out a tiny bit of the silvery powder within. The potion hissed as the powder hit the surface. Another colt moved to the side of the cauldron, this one golden in coat. He leaned over the edge and dropped the herbs he held between his teeth.

Finally, a filly black as night made her way into the green light. An old tome was held aloft by her blue aura. Her magic split to stir the contents of the cauldron as they began to bubble thickly. She began to read from the book, speaking in clear, even tones.

“For those who wish to break the chains, to leave but one trait in remains, let your wicked ways take hold, of those who refuse to break the mold.”

The potion hissed and gurgled along with the words, the plumes of smoke surging and receding in time with the infliction of her voice. As the final words passed her lips, the smoke gathered into a thick column that shot forcefully into the air in a powerful stream before dissipating altogether. The end result was a thin, see-through potion, tinted lightly with a turquoise color, bubbling mildly.

The three others stepped forward, each siphoning off their own portions of the potion. The dark filly let a malicious smile cut across her lips. Her face was mostly obscured by her long, dark purple mane, but her eyes were visible through the thick locks when they began to glow white.


***


School dawned the next day, and the four teens put their plan in motion. They entered the front hall together, dressed in ripped leather of their signature colors, each with a smug air about them. They paused, gazing casually about the hustle and bustle of the early morning. It was in this near-chaos that the youngest of their group slipped away, unnoticed by anyone apart from his fellows.

Moments later, the effect of his work was seen. Colorless, scentless, and tasteless, the potion came from the vents in a mist that descended over the hall. It was if someone had flipped a switch in the normally well-behaved students’ brains. Idle chat turned to furious exchanges, lockers were slammed with enough force to warp the metal, and it wasn’t long before graffiti appeared on the walls. The yellow colt slipped back into their ranks moments before the first scuffle broke out.

As if an invisible signal had been given, the four split up. The dark filly moved toward her locker. Her magic flared, pulling open the door. She glanced about the messy interior, extracting a half-full can of black spray paint. She slammed the door back, shaking the can in her magic, pondering over what to tag the wall of metal before her with. Suddenly, a small force slammed into her side, making her drop the paint. It was grabbed instantly in an aura almost identical to her own, albeit weaker. Her eyes wandered down to a golden-orange filly, the latter’s eyes daring her to try to take back the paint.

With a smirk, the older filly turned and disappeared around the corner.

The grey colt stepped into the gym. Students were spread around the room, in various stages of stretching and warming up, many already donned in the uniforms of the sports teams the school offered. Several students were beginning to sweat as their early morning workout began to take its toll. Moving further into the room, the colt flashed a sultry smile at a group of fillies in matching outfits of halter tops and skirts. The girls blushed and closed ranks, tittering joyously to each other. No one noticed the potion dropping into the water cooler.

The colt flirted with the fillies for a while, watching out of the corner of his eye as ponies moved toward the cooler, gulping down cups of water and potion.The effect, of course, was immediate. As it had done in the front hall, friendly sparrs turned much more aggressive, and soon the entire gym erupted into a cacophony of shouting, swearing, and fighting. The few students who had not yet gotten a drink looked around in confusion, wondering what had happened, but the culprit had already disappeared.

A blue filly sat perched on her desk. She looked around bored, as students began to file into the classroom. She smirked inwardly, overhearing the fervent gossip about the fights breaking out in the gym and main hall. A few fillies hurried into the seats surrounding her, as did a few colts who knew they had no chance with her. She flicked her magic to life, pulling a tiny glass perfume bottle from the saddlebacks sat under her desk, pretending to spritz a tiny bit on her face. One of the fillies chanced an admiring glance at the Changeling guised as a Unicorn.

“That smells nice,” she offered, seeming not to notice nothing had yet left the bottle.

The raven-haired beauty smiled sweetly, holding the bottle towards the other girl. “Want some?” Earning a vigorous nod in response, she sprayed the contents into the air. The second the other girl breathed it in, her eyes darkened. In an instant motion, she slapped the bottle from the filly’s magic, where it shattered on the floor. Every eye turned to them, but the potion took effect before anyone could act further. The Changeling merely reclined in her seat as the room erupted around her, gazing idly at the door when the teacher walked in, a look of shock momentarily passing her face before being replaced by a wicked grin.

Most of the school had descended into madness by the time the dark Alicorn had waltzed her way to the kitchen. It was in there that she had emptied her part of the potion into every bit of food she could find. She sat alone now in the cafeteria, waiting for the lunch bell to ring. She could hear the shouts of those, like her, who had skipped their classes. Her friends joined her, waiting. It wouldn’t be long before anyone who had not been in the main hall, gym, or a classroom when the plan had been put into action would be under their spell. Indeed, the shouting grew louder and she could hear loud hoofsteps, as if the whole school were stampeding towards them.

“Nyx! Nyx! Nyx!”


***


A bright flash blinded her for a moment. She blinked rapidly, trying to pull her thoughts back. Shouts of her name reached her ears. She inwardly groaned. She’d been daydreaming and they cornered her.

The white light receded and she forced herself to grin at the dozen ponies carrying microphones, notepads, and cameras. Questions were flying from every direction. She tried to focus on one.

“Nyx! What made you decide to change your look?!” a mare in the front shouted, shoving a microphone in her face.

‘Really?’ she thought to herself, ‘That’s what they focus on?’ Honestly, though, she couldn’t blame them; the change was drastic. Her mane had grown of course, in the six months she’d been in Equestria, but she was sure that’s not what they were talking about. Her hair, once a vibrant purple, was now a bleach-blonde, with a pastel pink streaked through. That had been an interesting night, with her roommate entering the fillies’ bathroom to find the Alicorn leaned over the sink, trying to wash the foul-smelling, burning substance out of her mane. The results were...less than ideal, and it was actually the Changeling’s idea to add the pink.

It didn’t stop there. She hadn’t put much thought as to what the blonde would look like against her midnight-black coat, and she realized too late how awful it was. She didn’t dare use the bleach on her coat; it had burned enough in her hair, and she reluctantly opted for a spell to try and lighten the black. She’d hoped for white, but ended up having to settle for a pastel grey.

Her wardrobe had an obvious difference. Her burgundy leather jacket, ripped t-shirts, and tight jeans had been traded for flowing, colorful dresses and skirts. And, of course, there were the glasses perched on her nose, not correcting her eyesight, per say, but correcting her eyes all the same. Her eyes gave the more comfortable appearance of a normal pony’s rather than her own dragon-like irises.

She let out a girlish giggle. “Oh, well, I thought I needed a change. I was just so inspired by the other girls here, I just had to try some Equestrian couture!” That was a lie. In truth, whenever she looked in the mirror, it wasn’t her own image she saw reflected back at her. Ignoring the sombre thought, she twisted slightly, letting the skirt of her pale blue lacy dress swish around her hocks. Cameras clicked and flashed, trying to catch her at this new angle.

“Nyx!” she turned her attention to a stallion in the back, “You’re only days away from being made a mare of the Equestrian Court. How are you preparing?”

‘With great difficulty,’ she thought, but said aloud, “I’ve spent every moment I can spare reading about Equestrian history, and interviewing the other members of the court. Sunny has been a big help!” Her cousin really had been helpful. After the shock of discovering their relation had passed, the two put aside their rivalry, and Sunrise had stepped up to educate Nyx on the expectations of mares of their status.

A stern looking mare cleared her throat, catching Nyx’s attention. “We all know what happened at King Will’s coronation. But the explanation we were given, it’s just too far-fetched. I mean, Princess Luna, have a split-personality disorder? Nightmare Moon being that alternate personality? It’s ridiculous! How can you expect us to believe that?”

Nyx could feel her smile fade slightly. “It came as a shock to me as well, but several doctors have examined her and each and every one of them confirmed the same diagnosis.” She turned her head to try and catch another question, but the mare spoke again.

“So is Luna your mother or not?”

“DNA tests have proven-”

Another pony’s voice interrupted her. “But wouldn’t Luna and Nightmare have the same DNA if they’re split personalities?”

“It’s different with Alico-”

A third pony spoke up, “Seems a little too convenient to me!”

The voices began to blend together as the crowd began to shout questions at her. She couldn’t focus on any one voice long enough to process the question, let alone formulate an answer. The crowd began to push forward, voices growing louder and louder. She could feel her heartbeat quickening. It became difficult to breathe.

And suddenly, a much more welcome voice cut through the noise. A warm weight pressed against her side and a wyvern-like wing draped over her shoulders.

“Gee, everypony, I hope you’re treating my girl alright!” Despite his calm stature and gentle voice, everyone could hear the warning behind his words. Will gave the Alicorn a soft squeeze with his wing, subtly checking if she was okay. Nyx draped her own wing over her colfriend, alleviating his worries.

Instantly, the questioning turned to the young king.

“King Will! How come you’ve taken such an...um...interesting appearance?”

Will gave an easy smile. “I used to hide my true self in fear that my half-draconequus appearance would make others uncomfortable. But, Nyx has shown me that I need to be true to myself. If I’m confident in how I look, I’ll be more confident in everything I do.”

A few ‘aw’s chorused from the crowd. The stern mare from before spoke up again.

“Did you ever think you’d end up with somepony like...her?”

Nyx could feel Will tense up beside her, though his smile never left his face. “I think we’re done here.”

The crowd didn’t seem to agree. They moved toward the teens, shouting louder. A stern voice cut through. Every head turned to see a lavender mare marching her way over.

“Excuse me,” the mare snapped, “But this is a school, and unless you all have signed in at the front office and gotten visitors passes, I will not only have you arrested for trespassing, but for harassing my students.”

A few of the reporters shuffled uncomfortably, while the mare who had already cause so much trouble moved forward threateningly. “We all have press badges, today and tomorrow are off in preparation for the ceremony Saturday, so we’re not interrupting classes, and they’re public figures,” she sneered here, “They need to grow up and get used to it.”

Fire bloomed in the older mare’s eyes. “You are sorely mistaken. Today is in fact a half-day, and as it is not yet noon, you are interrupting classes. And, as there is no event being held today, you need school distributed visitors passes, and, since your purpose here seems to be interviewing students, who, might I add, are minors,” she paused, as the offending individual’s resolve seemed to wilt, “You would need to get the consent of their parents and/or guardians to do so, along with set up a meeting which will not conflict with their schedules. Have I made myself clear?”

The reporters let out various mutters of consent before scurrying away. The stern demeanor left the lavender mare’s face the moment the final pony disappeared around a corner. She turned to the students, a concerned, motherly look on her face.

“Are you two alright?” she asked.

“Because of you, yes,” Nyx let out a sigh, “They came out of nowhere! Thank you so much, Mrs. Sparkle.”

The headmistress smiled. “Anytime. You deserve and unhindered school day.” she gave a nod to each teen and headed back to the main building, where her office was located.

Will turned his attention to his marefriend, handsome in his blue suit, a worried look on his face. “Are you okay?”

“Yeah, I just need to pay more attention to my surroundings.”

“It’s not your fault,” he dismissed, “I’m sorry for what you’ve been put through, especially with all the press over the ceremony.”

Nyx smiled reassuringly, “It’s not your fault either.”

“Still,” his eyes brightened, “Hey, spring break is coming up! We should do something; go somewhere!”

“That’d be fun!” the filly said tentatively.

“Yeah, Manehattan maybe, or Luna Bay. I could get my parents to take over for a few days, and…” his voice trailed away as he glanced over the filly’s shoulder.

“What’s the matter?” she asked, following his gaze to a large clock fitted to the front wall of the main hall. It was almost nine in the morning.

“I have a meeting…” the colt grumbled, “I’m gonna be late. Okay, we’ll finish this later.” he promised. He bit his lip nervously, leaning subconsciously toward the filly.

Nyx could feel her heart quicken, though this time it was a pleasant experience. The two hadn’t kissed yet. Of course, there were the occasional cheek or forehead kisses, but Nyx was new to the dating field. She’d never experienced a relationship like the one she had with Will. He, ever the gentleman, let her set the pace, hence his stopping when he’d cleared half the space between them. She hesitated only a moment, having decided she was ready to move forward a while ago. She let her eyes flutter closed as she began to close the distance.

And she stopped when a voice cleared behind her. Will’s face flushed and she turned around to give her roommate a death glare.

“Sorry to interrupt,” Lady had a bemused look on her face. She quirked a perfectly penciled eyebrow and fluttered her long lashes teasingly. “But, Nyx, we have a free period and I really need to make some adjustments to your dress.”

Nyx sighed inwardly and put on a professional smile. “Of course. I’ll see you later Will,” she said to the colt before slipping off after her friend. “Gosh, you just couldn’t have waited five more seconds, could you?!” she whisper-yelled, earning a loud laugh in response.


***


In the six months they’d lived there, the girls had left their mark on the dorm they shared. The Changeling’s side of the room was just as elegant as the girl herself. Her white canopy bed was decorated in pink and gold. A desk sat near the filly’s bed, made of dark mahogany, standing on stacks of drawers instead of typical table legs. One side of drawers were filled to the brim with makeup, the other with school and sewing materials. Mannequins lined a wall, nearly blocking one of the windows, each donned in a unique dress or tux.

Nyx’s half of the room was as unorganized and disheveled as she felt. Books, papers, and clothes were scattered around the floor near her bed, though she tried to keep the mess relatively out of her roommate’s space. Her bed hadn’t been made in quite a while, evidenced by the sheets hanging off the side of the mattress and the pillows on the floor. The only things seemingly in place were three books atop her bedside table; one was leather-bound and old, one was newer with a glossy cover, and the third was a black spiral notebook.

The two girls stood in the Changeling’s workspace. Lady bustled about, muttering to herself as she worked. Her magic whirled around the room, carrying various sketches, fabrics, needles, and threads. Nyx stood in the center of it all, wearing the makings of a ballgown. The dress was a pale lilac, accented in white. It was sleeveless, resting high on her chest, and the skirt, when complete, would trail the ground behind her. One branch of magic rapidly stitched an almost floral design across the skirt as Lady moved around behind the Alicorn, and a second branch grabbed the sash at the filly’s waist and pulled tight, causing the teen to squeak in surprise.

“Lady,” she groaned, “Lay off, will ya? I’m not gonna be able to breathe in this thing.”

The Changeling made a ‘tsk’ sound. “Not with that attitude!”

“That doesn’t even make sense!” Nyx protested, only to be shushed by the blue filly.  “Please? I know I’ve said I’m gonna pass out before this is over, but I really don’t want to.”

Lady furrowed her brows and bit her lip. She sighed sympathetically and loosened the sash a little bit. “This okay?”

Nyx gave a few experimental breaths. “That’ll do,” she said.

The Changeling hummed in response and began sewing the sash in place. The Alicorn glanced toward her bed.

“Since I’m stuck here,” she inclined her head to her books, “Mind if I do a bit of studying?” Lady muttered her consent, locking in concentration of making the stitch seem invisible. Nyx flared her own horn, reaching her magic out to the books and pulling them over to eye-level. She opened first the glossy-covered book and the spiral notebook. The former, a gift from her cousin, was titled ‘A Lady’s Guide to Court Etiquette’, something Sunrise had gotten a great deal of use of when she was thirteen, and something Nyx greatly needed now. The notebook, again, was from Sunny, but filled with notes she’d made for herself as different cultures emerged in Equestria, from the religions in Saddle Arabia to the courting rituals of the Hippogriffs, along with the physics and temperaments of the sun and moon.

In short, everything Nyx would need to know in order to be a decent Mare of the Court, and what she would need as Luna’s heir. Things she would need to memorize by her induction ceremony in two days time. No pressure.

She turned her attention to the leather-bound book, the spellbook her mother-no, Nightmare Moon, had given her the day she first came to Equestria. She cracked it open and skimmed through the pages. There had to be something there that could help her remember everything.

A pink aura suddenly snatched the book from her grasp. She blinked her surprise.

“No cheating!” Lady reprimanded, setting the book on her own bed.

Nyx huffed, picking the book back up. “It’s not a test I’m studying for!”

The book was taken away again. “Isn’t it?” Lady jerked the book to the side, dodging Nyx’s attempt to take it back. “I thought you were trying to do this on your own,” dodge again, “You know, prove to Equestria you’re more than your magic,” and again, “What would Will say if he knew you were still using dark magic?”

The Alicorn stopped, looking guilty. “He...doesn’t have to know?” Her roommate raised an eyebrow. She raised her own and poked out her bottom lip, tilting her head down and looking up imploringly.

Lady shook her head and tapped her friend on the nose with the book’s spine. “Honey, I raised two kids, puppy-dog eyes don’t work on me.”

Nyx slumped her shoulders. “Lady, I have over a thousand years worth of different cultures and customs to learn in two days.”

“How much do you actually have to know for the ceremony. Bare minimum!”

“Basic etiquette and diplomatic behaviors, but-”

“I’d say you’re a novice at least!”

“But, Lady, the customs-”

“Can be learned down the line.” she laid a hoof on the Alicorn’s shoulder. “Honey, no one expects you to be perfect.” she moved away.

‘Except everypony.’ Nyx thought, ‘Look at Sunny. And Nova. And Lolly. All heirs to their parents’ claims, and all extraordinary at what they do. How can I live up to that?’

Lady set the book on Nyx’s bedside table. “You really should think about donating this.”

Nyx straightened up as her friend set back to work. “Who would want it?”

“The museum. That’s where I took the mirror my mother gave me.”

A moment of silence passed and the Alicorn broke it with, “Do you miss it? The Island?”

Lady paused her movements, a thoughtful silence enveloping her. “I thought I would. We grew up there, you know? But honestly, this is home. We’re safer here. We have a future here, ponies who love us. I could never dream of going back, could you?”

“Of course not,” Nyx replied. She didn’t have the heart to tell the truth.


***


The girls managed to be back in the main building by the time the dismissal bell for their free period sounded, giving them five minutes to get to their next classes. Two colts joined up with them as they entered, one tall and slate grey, one short and golden yellow, the latter visibly younger than the rest of the group. The girls led the party, but as Lady marched on with her head held high, Nyx’s ears were pinned back, her head drooping as she began lagging behind her friends, lost in thought.

“Hi Shade!” The colt in question flashed a winning smile at the gaggle of girls as they passed. Each of the fillies blushed deeply, turning in a whispered argument of exactly which of them the grin had been directed toward.

The yellow colt muttered disapprovingly. “Stop torturing the poor things and pick somepony already!”

Shade turned his grin to the other colt. “And why, Flare, would I do that? If I go alone, everypony gets a dance,” he said smoothly, aiming a wink over his shoulder that sent the fillies into a fit of giggles.

Flare shook his head in disbelief. “They’re a bit pathetic, aren’t they?”

“Be nice!” Lady admonished with a glare.

“I’m just saying! Anything he does has them melting!” he pulled a face, over exaggerating the looks his friend was getting, “We get it, you’re a heart thro-” the sentence died as his gaze caught sight of a filly turning the corner.

Her coat was a golden, honey-orange, her mane cobalt with streaks of turquoise and magenta. She wore a skirt of pale lilac and a smart blouse in a matching color. The shirt hugged tight around her middle, with a bit of midriff showing, and her short sleeves were puffed. A flowery headband was tucked into her cute bob, just behind her ears, tying off the look. Her face was scrunched cutely as she read over the clipboard she held in her weak magic. She looked up, eyes landing on the group. A relieved smile spread across her face as she hurried toward them.

“Nyx!” she called, trying to catch the girl’s attention.

Flare subconsciously stepped forward. “Hi N-nova!”

The filly startled and blushed. “Oh, hey Flare,” she smiled politely before turning back to the Alicorn, not giving the colt a chance to continue.

Shade leaned close to the younger colt’s ear and muttered, “Smooth, dude.” before leading him away.

“Nyx?” the filly tried again. Still no reply.

Lady glanced between the two. “So, Nova, am I still seeing you for your dress fitting? Noon, right?”

The younger girl looked sheepish. “I’m sorry, I forgot to text you. I’m supposed to oversee tryouts for the new fencing team in place of my mom, and then she needs help with decorations for Nyx’s ceremony. Normally, Sunny would be helping me, but she’s back home,” the girl lowered her voice, “with her parents. Her dad got sick.” her voice went back to normal, “Anyway, me and mom are on our own, and I’m gonna be really busy until this evening.”

The Changeling nodded sympathetically. “Well, I can reschedule you. How’s six sound?”

“Lovely!” she sighed in reply.

“Right, so now I have an opening for noon.”

A passing filly stopped and backtracked, ears perked excitedly. “Really? Can I take it?” The caramel filly shook her chocolate and magenta mane from her eyes.

“Anything for you, Lolly.”

“Nyx,” Nova began again, laying a hoof on the older filly’s shoulder.

The Alicorn jumped as if she’d been shocked. She glanced around at the concerned faces around her. “Sorry, guess I zoned out there.”

Lady furrowed her brow. “You okay, hon?”

“Yeah, yes, I’m fine. What did you need, Nova?”

The younger filly raised a skeptical eyebrow, casting a worried look at the others, each of them looking thoroughly unconvinced. Shrugging, she moved forward, brandishing her clipboard.

“As much as I hate to bother you again about the ceremony, my mom really needs you to finalize on the desserts. We’ve narrowed it down, so just tell me what you’d prefer.” She paused, waiting for a nod, before launching into a fast-talking spiel of each confection.

“So the brownies are my personal favorite, but they were served at my own ceremony, so that might not be the best choice, but it’s totally up to you! Then we have banana cream pie, always a favorite, and Aunt Pinkie’s specialty, the Marzipan Mascar…” she paused, squinting at the paper before her, “Mas-something.”

“Mascarpone Meringue Madness,” Lolly interrupted, appearing over the younger filly’s shoulder, “I had that at mine. It’s this massive, four-tiered cake made with pound cake, meringue, lemon mascarpone, eclairs, doughnuts, and chocolate mousse!”

Lady groaned and shook her head. “Nope, too rich, too much sugar, I’m getting queasy just thinking about it.”

“But it’s your choice, Nyx!” Nova brought attention back to her clipboard, “Then we have gelatin, gelato, puddings, cloud cake-”

“Sunny had that!” Lolly once again interrupted.

“Ice creams, baked Alaska, mille-feuille-”

“That!” Nyx cut in quickly, rubbing her throbbing temples.They’d eaten that, she remembered, when she and Will had met with the dignitaries from Maris. Will had liked it. “That sounds perfect.”

Lolly’s eyes sparkled mischievously as Nova marked down the Alicorn’s answer on her clipboard. “So...has Will...you know...popped the question yet?”

Nyx’s eyes widened. “Excuse me?!”

Lolly rolled her eyes. “Y’know, asked you to marry him? Oh, c’mon, don’t sound so shocked,” she admonished, “He’s a king, you’ll be a member of the court in a few days, you’re bound to crowned as Lunar Princess within a few years, probably alongside Sunny, and after Will’s coronation, I wouldn’t be surprised if all of you,” she inclined her head toward Lady, and vaguely gestured the way the colts had gone, “become Guardians.”

“What does that have to do with marriage?”

“Well, you’re public figures, in a hierarchy no less. You’ll have to have at least one foal to be heir, mid-twenties is typically the ideal time to start having foals, and the public has a thing against unmarried parents. Plus, you’ll want a few years to yourselves before having kids, and royal weddings take an especially long time to plan, so the engagement will need to be pretty early if you want to still be in your prime for foals.”

The Alicorn could feel her heart quickening and a sick feeling erupted in her stomach. Weddings? Children? She’s sixteen! She and Will have only been together for six months! They’re still in high school! She muttered her musings aloud.

Lolly’s eyebrow climbed her forehead. “He’s head over heels for you. I wouldn’t be surprised if he already has a ring picked out.”

A squeal escaped from the youngest filly. Nova sat back on her haunches and clapped her hooves excitedly. “Oh, I wonder what it’ll look like!”

“Forget the ring,” Lady grinned dreamily, “imagine the wedding!” she turned to her roommate, “I call dibs on making your dress!”

“And I get to make the cake for the wedding!” Lolly paused before adding, “And for the foals’ birthdays!”

Nyx’s eyes squeezed shut as the fillies continued to gush over a future she’d unknowingly signed up for. She hadn’t even been in the kingdom for a year yet, and already she was facing the prospects of weddings, foals, and politics. Is this really what she wanted?

She thought of the students milling about around her. Few of her classmates were royal, and fewer still that wanted to be. What did they have to worry about? Finals? College applications? If only she could only be faced with that.

Her heart rate reached sickening speeds. The more she thought of what was to come, the harder it seemed to breathe. And yet, she couldn’t stop. Equestria was completely different than what the girl had grown up in. She couldn’t rule with fear and intimidation. Ponies already didn’t like her; they’d be calling for her head at her first mistake. Not to mention she was Luna’s heir. One day, regardless of her relationship with Will, she’d be raising and lowering the moon. What if she couldn’t keep up with the moon’s phases? And daylight savings time was something to consider. How much earlier or later did the moon rise each day? Did she have to move the stars too? All creatures counted on the stars’ positions for navigation and other things.

The Alicorn’s thoughts were spiraling. She was locked in place, eyes tightly shut and breathing erratic. Her legs itched to run, to flee. Where, she didn’t know. All she knew was the overpowering urge to escape.

A hoof rested on her shoulder, nearly making her jump out of her skin.

“Hey,” a warm voice whispered in her ear, bringing her back to the present but not quite dissipating the anxiety coursing through her. She leaned into the solid figure behind her.

“Hi Will!” the other girls chorused in sing-song voices.

Nyx leaned her head up, opening her eyes to look into those of her coltfriend. “Hello,” she replied.

The colt grinned. He leaned forward as if to kiss her. Nyx started to lean in too, but they both paused before the action could be completed, suddenly very aware they had an audience. They rapidly pulled apart, blushing furiously, decidedly ignoring the giggles of their friends. The Alicorn filly muttered something about geometry before hurrying away, the Changeling and Earth fillies following her with teasing giggles.

Will waved to the girls as they disappeared into a building. His face gained a serious look as he turned to Nova.

“How’s it coming?” he asked, voice low, “Is it gonna be ready in time?”

The Unicorn smiled. “It’s almost done, I just need you to confirm eye color.” She flipped to the last page of her clipboard. Upon it were two pictures.

The first was of Will and Nyx, taken at the afterparty of the former’s coronation. He remembered the moment fondly; he had tried to kiss her and she’d teasingly turned away last second, so that the kiss landed on her cheek. The picture was taken a moment later. The filly’s face was flushed with laughter, eyes glittering with mirth. He, too, was mid-laugh, eyes closed and forehead pressed against her hair. Will felt a small smile playing at his lips. He’d been so happy in that moment, high off the adrenaline of battling Nightmare Moon and using the Elements to defeat her, not to mention the thrill of being King. All that had mattered was the filly at his side, and the sound of her laughter that he hoped would never fade.

The second photo was almost the same scene, apart from a few glaring differences, this first being that it was a picture of a stained glass window depicting the moment. Second, instead of a gym wall and other dancing teens behind them, the background in the window was of a twinkling night sky. Third, his marefriend’s eyes were wrong.

“Her pupils need to be slitted, like a dragon’s,” he said, tapping the offending feature, “and don’t forget, the whites of her eyes aren’t white, they’re kinda pale green.”

“Got it,” the filly muttered as she took down a few notes. A bit of magic branched away to hold a few swatches of colored glass out for the colt to take. “Which color is better for the irises?”

Will encased the glass in his own magic, flipping through the pieces. He studied each one in turn, continually unimpressed. One was too pale. Another was too dull. Too much purple in that one. This one was more of a green than a blue. The final piece, however, was perfect. It caught the light the same way Nyx’s eyes did. It glowed the way hers did when she smiled. Not to mention that the color matched perfectly.

“This one,” he stated proudly. Every important moment in Equestrian history was depicted in glass in a memorial hall in the school. Some would argue that his coronation was more worthy of immortalization, or even the battle that followed. To Will, however, her smile far surpassed anything that could be found in any glass, painting, or book.


***


“Velvet!” the colt shouted.

Lady glanced up from the seam she was pinning. “Do what?”

“Velvet!” he repeated, tossing his blue-and-gold mane proudly, “A velvet tux, no one’s gonna have that!”

The Changeling kept a straight face despite the panic rising in her. She looked over his essentially-finished suit. The fabric was a blend of polyester and wool, dyed a deep scarlet she’d insisted would match better with his pearl coat and dual-colored hair than the green shade he’d originally wanted. And suddenly, two days the event he needed the suit for, he wanted velvet. Absolutely not. She glared daggers at the back of his head; he was too busy admiring his own reflection in the mirror she’d set up to notice the death look he was getting. Movement in the corner of her vision caught her attention and she caught sight of her coltfriend, Scifresh Doubloon sitting at her desk shaking violently with suppressed laughter.

She couldn’t help but crack a small smile herself, knowing why he found it so funny. She’d developed a crush on the Unicorn in front of her not long after arriving in Equestria, and now here she was, trying to strangle him with her eyes. Still, regardless of time constraints, there was no way she’d let anypony wear a suit made of velvet on a warm spring night; he’d probably get heat stroke.

“Silver,” she began, moving into his line of sight, “I look at you, and I see, not a prince, not a prince’s son,” she paused for dramatic effect, “I see a potential king!”

The colt’s eyes widened comically as he emotionally choked out a gasp of, “Really?!”

Lady nodded slowly, seriously, while trying to ignore the snort of laughter her coltfriend attempted to disguise as a cough. “Of course, and you know, kings have to be sensible, right?” she earned a dignified nod and another laugh-cough, “Well, their wardrobe should reflect that. And nothing,” she ran a hoof over the fabric covering the colt’s foreleg, “Is more sensible than a poly-wool blend!”

The colt gave a not-so-subtle glance over to his grey-blue fellow prince, searching for confirmation. Doub managed to hide his amused expression and give a solemn, serious nod. Once his friend turned back to the filly, however, he proceeded to double over in the pain of repressing his mirth.

“Of course,” Silver agreed, “But still, King Silver Stocking...has a nice ring to it, yes?”

“Totally,” the other colt choked out between silent laughter.

Somepony knocked on the open door. All eyes turned to the newcomer, a tall, slate-grey unicorn with a swooping black mane pulled back in a small bun. He glared at the suited colt.

“Sil, you need to get your flank down to the gym. Practice starts in five and I swear to Celestia, if you are late one more time, you’re doing extra drills, and cleaning the locker room. Are we clear?”

“Yes, Shade.” Silver grumbled with a fake smile, scowling when the colt disappeared from view. He moved behind a curtain in the corner of the room to change, tossing the balled-up clothing to Lady, oblivious to her muttered cursing as she tried to straighten them without dislodging any pins. “Why’d Coach Armor make Shade captain, of all ponies?!” he muttered, “I’ve been on the team longer. After Will left, that should’ve been my spot!”

‘And yet Shade, the far better athlete, got the job,’ Lady thought smugly, but held her tongue.

Silver stepped out from behind the curtain, donned now in a simple button-up shirt and slacks. He watched as Lady smoothly fastened the suit in place on a mannequin.

“Sensible...Sunny would have to appreciate that.”

Lady shared a look with her coltfriend, one that said, ‘It’s been almost four months, how is he not over that?’ While Sunrise had mostly reformed her way, Silver Stocking hadn’t made much progress. It didn’t take the filly long to realize this, and she ended their relationship in due course.

Silver left quickly, realizing he had two minutes to get to the gym. Lady and Doub shared a laugh.

“He got his father’s looks,” the colt started.

“But also the arrogance,” Lady concluded with a chuckle.  She walked over to the desk, picking up a water bottle. “So, how’s the finances looking?”

The colt grinned and turned to his laptop. “Well, once Silver finally pays for his suit, and we collect from Lolly and Nova and the others…” he turned the screen to face the filly, who choked on her water.

“Sci, oh my gosh!” the colt grinned at the nickname and the smile on the face of the only one allowed to use it.

“I know.”

Lady threw her forehooves around the colt’s neck. “What do I even do with all this?”

“Well,” Doub began, turning his laptop back around and typing a few keys, “You could invest a bit into advertisin’ and get more business. Then, after a few years of profit…” he gestured to the screen, “You could get a starter home big enough for you and your sisters. And you could support yourself, by yourself.”

The filly smiled lightly, knowing what Doub was implying. Chrysalis had raised her to think that her only purpose in life was to marry a prince, and that she’d be worthless without one. Equestria, however, taught her something different. She now lived in a kingdom of opportunity, where your worth was, generally, determined by your heart, not your title or status. Sure, there were a few who are quick to make her a scapegoat for things in the name of the Changeling siege of Canterlot, despite that happening over twenty years before she was born. But still, her future was in her hooves. It wasn’t dependant on how well she could marry. She could have a place where she and her sisters could be safe. She could have all she ever wanted.

She planted a kiss on the colt’s cheek. “Thank you.”


***


Nyx sprinted down the hall and skidded to a stop in front of her locker. She quickly spun the combination in and ripped the door open. Momentarily forgetting her magical prowess, she began fighting to switch the books in her bag with the ones in the locker. Despite her panicked movements, she didn’t really understand why she was rushing. She wasn’t running late, and it was her last class of the day, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that she was forgetting something.

“Hey, Nyx!”

She jumped and whirled around. “Will, hey!”

The colt gave a giddy grin. “I’ve got something for you,” he said.

“What for? My birthday’s not ‘till next month.”

“What, I can’t get you something just because?”

“Well, you kinda do that all the time,” the Alicorn replied, “Spontaneous flowers, surprise movie nights, little notes in my locker,” she paused, lighting her horn and plucking one of said notes from the vent in the door, “Not to mention the dress you gave me last week, the tickets to see ‘Dear Evan Prancen’, ‘Feathers’,  and ‘Griffinton’ this summer, the ‘Daring Do’ boxse-”

“Okay, okay!” Will laughed sheepishly, “I get it, I spoil you a lot. I just feel bad I guess. You didn’t have much growing up.”

Nyx smiled sadly, “That wasn’t your fault. You don’t have anything to make up for.”

“Still,” he said, flaring his horn and reaching his magic into his pocket.  He pulled out a small, blue-velvet box.

The girl’s heart stopped, remembering the earlier conversation. Was this it? Was she about to become the future Queen of the Center Region? Was she even ready for that?

Thank goodness, it wasn’t a ring. The box opened to reveal a necklace. The chain was silver and glinted in the light streaming in from the windows. The pendant was a small, deep purple jewel, cut in the shape of a ram. Nyx grinned, despite her confusion. The colt must have seen it in her eyes, however, as he quickly moved to explain.

“Your birthday is in April,” he said, “So your birthstone is a diamond,” he gestured to the gem, “And since you were born on the fifteenth, your star sign is Aries, which is a ram, and purple, your favorite color.”

Realization dawned on her face and quickly morphed into a sweet smile. She wrapped him in a tight hug. “Oh, Will, you’re so sweet! Thank you!” Her smile was returned as her coltfriend fastened the chain around her neck. “I feel bad now, I didn’t get you anything.”

“You’re treating me to a picnic tonight, remember?”

“No, that’s Thursday.”

“Today is Thursday.”

Nyx’s smile faltered. “No, it’s not.”

“Yes, it is. Today’s a half-day,” he gestured around the hall, which she realized was mostly empty, “And there’s no school Friday so they can set up for Saturday.”

Nyx froze for a moment while her mind tried to catch up with what she was hearing. School was over for the day. That’s what she forgot. That and the picnic. She slowly began to unload her books back into her locker.

“I knew that,” she stated.

Concern flashed across Will’s face. “If you can’t make it tonight, it’s okay, we can do it later-”

“No! Nononono, I just have a few things left to make. We’ll meet at the gazebo in the garden, okay?”

“If you’re sure…”

“I am,” she hugged him again before hurrying toward the kitchen, calling over her shoulder, “I’ll see you later!”


***


“Alright everypony!” Shade yelled, surveying the crowd of colts before him, “Line up!”

Fencing hadn’t seemed like something he’d enjoy at first. Hoofball season had ended with the previous semester, and he was considerably more upset about it than he would’ve believed he could be years ago. Shade had been a loner for as long as he could remember, only ever occasionally working with Nyx on the Island of the Forgotten. The Canterlot High hoofball team was the first time he’d ever been a part of something.

So, naturally, when the season ended, he’d found himself moping about during winter break, wondering how he’d occupy his time until the next season. Luckily, his teammates caught on to his despair and told him about the school’s second most popular sport, fencing. While swordplay was right up his alley, the rules of fencing seemed a little too pansy for his taste. However, the other guys were pretty excited about it, so he agreed to try out with them in January. To his surprise, he found that he not only really enjoyed the sport, he was good at it. Time spent on the Isle made him quick and nimble, not to mention that he was already familiar with wielding a sword with only his mouth, as magic wasn’t accessible to Isle residents, so he already had a leg up on his fellow Unicorns.

With all this, he easily made the team. They won their first few matches, thanks to the team’s combined skill levels and Will’s leadership. However, the young king’s duties quickly became too much to juggle with school and sports, so extracurriculars, unfortunately, had to be dropped. This was good news for Shade, in any case, because he was bumped up to team captain. Which also meant that more tryouts had to be held to fill in his old spot. And as captain, he was in charge.

He’d gone over basic terminology then let the members of the team sparr with the attendees. He had walked around, complimenting when deserved and correcting when needed. Now, he would sparr with each attendee in turn, gauging their skill for himself. Then he’d take the night and next day to make his decision in time for a practice before Nyx’s ceremony. He gestured the first colt forward.

He was dressed entirely in black; long black athletic pants and a matching long-sleeved shirt, similar to, but not exactly like, the uniform Shade himself wore. Gloves adorned the colt’s front hooves, while the back ones were hidden by his pants, so Shade couldn’t tell what color his coat was. His face was obscured by one of the school’s old fencing masks the attendees had been allowed to borrow for tryouts, and his mane and tail were both tucked into his uniform, as per regulations.

Honestly, Shade was a little relieved that he didn’t know who this colt was. He hadn’t shown much promise during the sparring, putting so little effort into it that he seemed almost bored. It would be much easier to pass his judgment if he didn’t know who he was letting down. He and the colt got into position on the piste and he put his own mask down.

“Ready?” Nova called. Normally, coach Armor would have been the referee, but he was at his daughter’s university graduation ceremony. Next in line would be Mrs. Sparkle, as she was headmistress, but she was busy making preparations for Nyx’s ceremony. In turn, this position had fallen onto Nova, the only one Mrs. Sparkle felt she could trust.

“Allez!” the filly shouted, and both competitors lunged into action.

Shade quickly realized why the other colt had seemed so bored. He was good. Excellent, even. Every move he made was matched perfectly, almost as if his opponent was reading his mind. His lunge was instantly met by a parry. Remise met with riposte, again and again. After several minutes of equal attack and defense, Shade began to feel a sweat begin to creep on his brow. He saw an opening and lunged. But no, the other colt feinted and knocked his sword away.

He took his mask off, nodding appreciatively at the sword lying useless on the piste. “Not bad, dude. Who are you?”

The other colt reached a gloved hoof up to the mask and slipped it off. Shade’s jaw dropped as Lolly’s face stared back at him.

“Lolly?!” Nova cried, stunned, before erupting in applause.

“Um, excuse me?!” Silver Stocking snarled as he stalked over, “Just what do you think you’re doing?!”

The Earth filly raised an unconcerned eyebrow. “Trying out for the team?”

“You can’t!”

“And why not?”

“You’re a filly!”

“Excuse me?” Shade interrupted, “What does that have to do with anything?”

Silver ignited his horn, pulling a small booklet from his gear bag. “Oh, don’t tell me Captain Shade,” he sneered, “hasn’t read the rule book!” he flipped a few pages and began to read, “A regulated school team is to be comprised of a captain and eight colts!” he shoved the paper in Shade’s face.

The filly snatched the paper away and pointed at the copyright symbol, “It also says this was written over fifty years ago! Oh, but how dare a female try to join a school team! What’s next, female doctors? Female mothers?” she let out a dramatic, sarcastic gasp, “Female mares?!”

Silver grabbed the booklet. “Why change perfection? Just face it, fillies are too delicate for this sport.”

“Did you miss the part where I just kicked Shade’s flank?!”

“He’s supposed to go easy during tryouts, to let the attendees show their skill!”

“I’d say my skill is pretty good!”

“Doesn’t matter!” Silver spat, “The rules say no fillies, and the captain,” he glared at Shade, “Has to follow the rules. If, of course, he wants to keep his position.”

Lolly turned to Shade. She was giving him a death glare, but he could see the pleading look in her eyes. He lowered his own. The filly sniffed, her face hardening as she turned back to Silver.

“Mares can save your kingdom and even rule it, but they can’t even play a simple sport. You’re a pig!” she spat.

‘That’s offensive to pigs,’ Shade thought, but kept his mouth shut.

Lolly turned and stomped away.

“Uh, take five, guys!” Shade shouted as he ran after her.

The colts looked at each other and shrugged before moving over to the benches lining the walls to sit and get some water. Flare, who had been standing along with the current team members, looked around. He saw Nova moving over to the corner where she’d set her clipboard.

“Hey, Nova, wait up!”

The filly turned around. “Hey Flare! What’s up?”

“N-nothing much,” the colt stuttered, “You?”

Nova scowled, “Just preparations for Nyx’s ceremony. It’s honestly exhausting.”

“Yeah, I bet. Hey, speaking of the ceremony-”

“Ugh, is that all anyone can talk about? Ceremony this, ceremony that, I never wanna plan one of these again! I wanted to help Sunny this year after she did such a good job on mine last year, but with her dad getting sick, here I am, doing my part and hers too! No wonder she was so exhausted during the party! Just sat there, serving punch. That’s probably what I’ll end up doing.”

Flare nodded meekly. He tried to speak, but Nova cut in again. “Oh, look Shade’s back!” the colt looked around to see that, indeed, the captain had returned, “Well, back to work! Thanks for letting me vent, Flare. You’re a great friend!”

The colt laughed as the filly sauntered away. “Yep, that’s me.”


***

“How to get out of the friendzone…” Flare muttered to himself as he typed the word into the search engine. He’d never been good at the whole ‘filly’ thing, so after tryouts he’d come straight back to his dorm and pulled out his laptop. Let the internet solve his problems.

An annoyed squeak sounded in his ear. The colt craned his neck to see a tiny bat perched on his shoulder. It was auburn in color, with a tuft of red fur on its head. Blue eyes glared back at him.

“What?”

The bat nipped his ear.

“Okay, okay! You’re right, no need to maim me!” he grumbled, swatting the creature away. He sighed, staring at the screen. “You’re right, Berry,” he repeated, “There’s no such thing as the friendzone if you value her friendship. And I do! I just...I wish there was more,” he sighed. He reached out to his keyboard, refining his search to, ‘How to get your crush to like you back.’

He clicked the first article. “Let’s see...be noticeable…” he ran a hoof through his shaggy, bright red hair, “Check. Be positive. Check? Kinda? I think?” he glanced at his furry companion for reassurance, only to see her chewing his pillow. “Hey, Stop! What next? Be nice? Check, I’m pretty nice. Be clean…” he paused and sniffed his shirt. “Uh...we’ll come back to that. Be yourself-” he shut the laptop with a snort, “Ha, nope!” Defeated, he grabbed the remote of his nightstand, clicked the TV on, and flopped on his stomach to watch some crime show.

Muffled shouts sounded from the hallway. Flare raised his head briefly then thought, ‘It’s high school, ponies are always yelling about something,’ and put his head back down. His head jerked up again when his door opened.

Nyx burst in, looking harried, and slammed the door shut behind her, locking it for good measure. The shouts began issuing from right outside the door as she backed away, breathing heavily. Flare grabbed the remote and turned his show off as the shouts died down and hoofsteps indicated whoever it was leaving.

“You okay?” he asked, nervously.

“Do I look okay?!” she snapped, “I can’t even go walk to the kitchen without these...these…” she struggled for a moment, “So-and-so’s harassing me!”

Flare snorted. “So-and-so’s?”

“I can’t swear anymore, okay? Leave me alone!”

“Yikes.” the colt said, scrunching his face at her tone.

“I mean, don’t you miss just going wherever you wanted and ponies just run in the other direction?”

“That was a ‘you’ thing,” the Earth colt said, “And let’s not forget, until about seven or eight months ago, I was one of those ponies.”

Nyx tried to control her breathing and slow her racing heart. “Right, sorry about that. And I didn’t even get to the kitchen! I’m running even more behind!”

The colt gave a sympathetic look. He opened his mouth to speak again, but was stopped by the sound of a lock clicking and the door creaking open. Silver Stocking backed into the room, glancing down the hallway as if making sure he wasn’t being seen, oblivious to the two ponies and one bat watching his every move from behind his back. Very slowly, with minimal sound, he pressed the door closed. He let out a sigh and turned around, immediately adopting a deer-in-the-headlights look once he saw his audience.

“Uh, hi? I just, uh, came to borrow your 3D printer...” he gestured to the contraption in an otherwise unused corner of the room.

“Don’t you have one? A leading brand?”

“Yours works better!” he whined, “You built all these modifications and it’s more efficient and the products come out better and-”

“How did you even get a key?”

Silver coughed, using his magic to pull said key from his front pocket. “I printed it last time I was here…” he muttered, “You weren’t here. I climbed in the window…”

Flare marched forward, knocked the key out of the older colt’s magical grip. He pointed toward the door. “Out,” he deadpanned.

“Fine, fine,” Silver said, backing away and out the door, “I can tell when I’m not wanted!”

“Apparently that’s it,” Flare muttered as the door closed again. He turned toward his friend, who was staring off into space. “Nyx?” the filly jumped.

“Yes?”

“Did you get what I asked?”

“Yeah…” she said, reaching her magic into her bag and pulling out a tiny green capsule, “Yeah I got it. One truth potion. Eat this, and you’ll be able to ask Nova out.” Flare reached for the capsule, but Nyx pulled it away. “Are you sure you want this? You won’t just be telling Nova how you feel about her, you’ll be speaking your mind to anyone, all the time, no matter what.”

“I’ll take my chances.”

“Okay…”

As Nyx reached the capsule out again, the bat gave a squeak and lunged, snapping her tiny jaws around it. Both teens yelled as the bat swooped around the room, but it was too late. She landed on Flare’s head, gagging.

“Yuck! Okay, that was not a grape!”

Both teens’ jaws dropped. The bat was talking. The bat was talking.

“You!” Berry said, hanging upside down from the colt’s bangs so he had to cross his eyes to see her, “You just gotta talk to her. If you don’t ask, you’ll never know. Worst case, she says no and it’s a bit awkward for a while. You’ll still be friends! Oh, hey, also, my food bowl is empty.”

“I’m not dealing with this,” Nyx said, and she marched out of the room.

“Hey, wait!” Flare shouted as the door closed. He shook his head and the bat dropped to the floor. He glanced over to her cage on top of his dresser. Her food dish was indeed empty.

‘Well,’ he thought as he poured crushed pieces of the dried fruit that made up the majority of the little bat’s diet into the bowl, ‘On the bright side, figuring out what she wants just got a lot easier.’
