//------------------------------//
// Friendship 
// Story: Many Moons Ago 
// by Kunama Windrider 
//------------------------------//



Dearest (and only) sister,
I haven't found Ponyville quite as great as expected. It's... well, it's hard to explain,
but nopony trusts me. It's quite depressing. I wish you could be here too. Then
I'd have someone I could count on.

Much love,
Princess Luna Castellar Regalia (or just Luna).







Luna woke in her alcove in Twilight's library to vigorous shaking. Twilight's muzzle loomed embarrassingly close to her own. Blushing, Luna scrambled out of bed. 

"Up! Today's schedule: Get you washed, groomed and eat breakfast, go to Rarity's for ribbons, go to Fluttershy's just because, introduce you to some of our other friends (not all of Pinkie's, though), go to Fluttershy's for lunch, find somepony we met that you liked, and if there are none, we search again, and finally dinner and slumber party at Fluttershy's!" cried Twilight, out of breath. Twi was obviously excited. She was pink, and gave little bounces on the tips of her hooves every so often. "Well? Come on!" She galloped off at high speed. Luna had no choice but to follow. While Twi scrubbed her, Spike sorted through the tangled masses of mane and tail, shampooing and conditioning every square centimetre until she sparkled like a diamond and had smooth, slightly wavy hair.

Twilight and Spike fixed pancakes with maple syrup and ice cream, a delicious treat never served at the castle. Though she thought she'd smelled it somewhere before. On Celly, maybe. Lastly, Spike dashed into Twi's room and brought out an expensive-looking perfume smelling of a fresh, crisp night. Did they get it specially for ME? Luna wondered. But before she could get a glimpse of the bottle, Twilight was marching her out the door.

"Bye Twi! Bye Princess!" called Spike. He didn't sound the least bit hesitant. Luna smiled. Two who didn't fear her, besides Celly.





Rarity whirled around Luna, comparing fabrics and colours. Eventually, she decided on a navy blue silk ribbon dotted with sparkling diamonds. 

"It's brilliant!" Luna gushed. Rarity looked triumphant and pleased. 

"I'm glad you like it," she replied warmly, with not a trace of fear or hesitation.Three now! "Where are you off to next?" Luna didn't have a clue, so she shrugged. Thankfully, Twilight consulted her list. 

"Fluttershy's," she said curtly. Whatever had happened? Rarity looked nonchalant. 

"Why? Organizing an...event?" she asked. "Because Luna deserves to-"

"No reason," Twilight replied. "Just because." Luna wanted to know what had happened to Twi. Why was she so stiff and curt?

As they walked to Fluttershy's, Luna noted with interest a Pegasus stallion. He had dark grey fur with black wingtips, velvety purple mane and tail and an interesting cutie mark. It was a moon, similar to hers, with black wings sprouting from it. 

"Who's that?" she whispered to Twilight. Twilight glanced in the stallion's direction and quickly averted her eyes. 

"He's new, but boy, is he weird," she answered. "He thinks any mare or filly who looks at another for too long is gay, and any mares who look at his cutie mark are...interested." She made vague gestures. "Only if he sees them, though. Every mare at least avoids him. The colts think he's cool. Same with the stallions. It's awful." Luna blushed at this, and saw the stallion wink at her. Her chest almost burst. He was, in his own way, quite handsome. She turned back to Twi.

"Was any mare ever actually interested?"

"At the beginning, yeah," replied Twilight. "Cheerilee and Rarity. I know, Rarity is more the type for those like Blueblood and Fancy Pants, but she did. Didn't last long. She asked him out and he agreed, but then he spent the whole time staring at the moon. This was before you, erm, came back." Luna felt astonished. Could it be-that he was waiting-for her? "Rarity never spent a second in the same street as him after that." Luna spotted him waltzing in their direction.

"What's his name?"

"...Midnight Moonbeam..." Midnight Moonbeam was getting closer and closer. Luna fought down a blush and the urge to smile at him. "Uh oh," said Twilight. "Moonie's coming. I think he has a crush on you...or me." She sounded disgusted. "Run!" 

And so they ran, Luna unhappily, Twilight frantically .