//------------------------------//
// Road to Panampen 
// Story: Kingdom of the Sphinx 
// by TheTruckerBrony 
//------------------------------//

There is an old saying in the kingdom that went "What love is taken at night is all the sweeter in the morning".  It's actually a saying about how wonderful it is to wake up next to someone you love.  Though to young people like Jasmine and I, it meant doing it in the morning was a lot of fun.  Jepti woke me up, and after I fed him, Jasmine . . .quite aggressively, took me again.  Seemed she liked what she had the night before. 

"You're good at this," I giggled as we held each other in the afterglow. "Are you sure I'm your first?" 

Jasmine nuzzled my neck, the hairs on her ears ticking my nose, "Quite sure," She admitted, "You are just an exceptional teacher."

"I've gotta check the hives in the north field," I said. "Some of them might be ready to split."

"Yeah, and I'm expected back at the Temple." Jasmine said.

I let out a long breath, "Jasmine, what do we do about this?" I asked, "I mean, I'm courting Prince Hisan, you have your temple duty. . .with the way things are going in Panampen we might be dealing with another invasion soon, and we'll have to-"

Jasmine silenced me with a tender kiss. "I'll tell you what we're going to do," She said with confidence. "You are going to check the hives in the north field, and I'm going to go to the temple to do my duties. We don't need a plan for the rest of our life, as long as we know what today brings."

     I smiled, and felt my anxiety melt away, and the two of us shared one more kiss Before hopping out of bed and getting ready for the day.  Outside my little mud hut, just as Jasmine reached up a hoof to pet Jepti, she stumbled.  Something about that stumble wasn't right, Jasmine was usually very graceful, light on her hooves.  She didn't walk, she glided from one place to another like she was made of mist. . .now for no reason at all she was teetering, a distant look in her eyes. . . Something was very wrong.

     I darted forward and caught her, calling her name, and she weakly said mine.  

"Skati!  Et!" I called out, "Get the chariot!  Something is wrong with Jasmine!" 

"Yes Somnambula!" Et said running off. 

"Jasmine, what's wrong?" I asked.

"I feel, weak." Jasmine said tiredly, "It just came on suddenly,"

     Et and Skati pulled around the chariot, and within a few moments we were in town, pulling up outside Hotep's humble home.  Hotep was our family' trusted healer, a pony who had studied all over the kingdom.  As soon as we arrived the elderly Pegasus helped me carry Jasmine to a sitting couch at the rear of his house and without a word gave her some kind of broth.  Hotep was an older, bespectacled pony, who throughout my entire youth seemed to be the same age.  Whenever anyone was sick or hurt, he never hesitated to help.  He was purely an academic, not like the trained doctors of modern times, but he knew what he was doing.  I trusted him more than anyone else.

"I'm sorry to barge in," I said as Hotep inspected Jasmine's hooves. 

"No worries, my dear Somnambula, my doors will always be opened to the sick." Hotep said, dampening a cloth and setting it on Jasmine's forehead. "Now, let me guess; the young filly here collapsed, experienced a dizzy spell?"

"Yes," Jasmine said. "I just suddenly felt . . .so weak."

"Where you involved in some kind of rigorous physical activity?"

I looked to the ground, blushing deeply.

"Well, I'll take that look as a yes," Hotep said with a grin as he walked to his shelf of potions and tinctures,  "Now, young filly, what was your name?"

"Jasmine," 

Hotep looked at me with a grin as he pulled down a clay bottle from the shelf, "So you're the Jasmine, Somnambula is always talking about, you are as lovely as she says."

Jasmine smiled at me, "Such a flatterer," she said. 

"Now, Jasmine you have a somewhat common ailment, known as a weakness of blood." Hotep Explained as he upturned the jar into Jasmine's mouth. "It's a misbalance of humors that results from exposure to large amounts of smoke or volcanic gasses."

"Pandemonium has volcanos," I offered. "And she was there for a few years,"

"Ahh, that would explain it." Hotep said, "It's a good thing you caught this, with weak blood your body will not be able to fight off sickness or infection."

I held my hooves to my mouth, "Oh no!  Is Jasmine going to be okay?"

"Oh course, like I said this is a common condition and it's quite treatable." Hotep explained. "Jasmine, if you keep a diet heavy in leafy greens, and take this potion every few days you'll be just fine.  Many ponies live long and happy lives with Blood weakness as long as they take care of themselves." 

Jasmine accepted the bottle, "Thank you Doctor, I'm feeling better for having drank it."

"Just try to take it easy today." Hotep said, 

I handed to few coins to Hotep, "Thank you, Hotep."

I helped Jasmine out of the doctor's home, she was still a bit shaky on her Hooves.

"Well, I have to get to the temple to do my duties, Somnambula," Jasmine said, "Thank you so much for helping me,"

"Jasmine, you have to rest!  You're sick! You heard what Hotep said,"

"Yes I did my love," Jasmine said with calm, "He said I had a very treatable condition and that I would be fine if I take care of myself.  I can rest at the temple during the prayers."

"But I'm worried about you,"

Jasmine kissed me again, and I felt my worries melt away. "Don't be," She said softy, "There was a problem, and we solved it.  I'll have to cut back on the sweets, and take some medicine, not a big deal.  Somnambula, you need to learn to rest and enjoy life."

I smiled, "Of course," I said.

"Never lose hope," Jasmine breathed, "Bad times will pass, no matter how bad they get."

----*----

Jasmine would tell me about when Bomani came to pray.  This early in the day there was almost nopony in the temple but the Priestesses and wardens.  The Priestesses were preparing for the afternoon service, and Jasmine and the rest of the wardens were cleaning the gleaming marble floors.  Bomani bowed to the statue of Montu, the God of war with a face like a falcon.  He set a cold coin at the base of the statue, and bowed.  Bomani rarely knew what to say when praying, especially when he was vexed as he was that day.  

"Seeking guidance, Bomani?" Jasmine asked quietly.

Bomani smiled his charming smile, "Just visiting Montu," He explained. "He gets worried if I don't check in."

Jasmine looked at Bomani with her soft eyes, "My Friend, I can tell something is wrong, do you need to see a priestess?"

Bomani shook his head, "I don't really get along with the Priestesses, can.. . I discuss it with you?" He whispered.

"Of course," Jasmine said, standing up, "Follow me to the garden."

     The two walked into the courtyard, where rows of bright flowers grew next to pools of water and the Statue of Sobek looked over the canal that led to the sacred River.  As their eyes adjusted to the sun, they two where silent.

"Jasmine, when I spoke to the Sphinx. . . She said something that was most unlike her," 

"I've only known the Sphinx to be who she is, nothing more." Jasmine observed, "what did she say that troubled you?"

Bomani bent to smell a flower, "I. . .asked her what to do about Panampen." He said, sorrowfully. "She said. . .to punish the Baratas, to burn their cities, break their will.  As I did with the Hyksos."

Jasmine's look of concern grew, "But, the Baratas are our allies, things have been a little strained lately with the Zealot Zion rising to power, but this. . ."

"I know," Bomani said. "It makes no sense, this Zion is a dangerous dictator and everything the Sphinx has taught me in the past tells me that I should be liberating the Baratas from him, not punishing them for falling under his rule."

"But the Sphinx, has said over wise? You're sure?"

Bomani hung his head, "She was quite clear." He said. "Jasmine, I can't do this." 

"Bomani, you must do the sad business, as a warrior should," Jasmine said, "It is not to us to question the Sphinx, Bomani." 

"I know, Jasmine but . . .you weren't there." Bomani said, head lowered in sorrow. "The Hyksos attacked us, killed innocents, and they where assembling to do it again.  We flew in, burning their fields so they could no feed their armies.  We went into their houses, cut the throats of their Generals and Leaders in their beds.  I heard their wives scream as we flew away, waking up to their husbands dead in their bed beside them."

     Bomani's breath caught at the memory, tears in his eyes.

"With their leaders dead, the people panicked and there were riots, thousands died, then with the famines even more starved.   That's why they call me the Ender of worlds." He admitted, "Because when I came, the world of the Hyksos ended.  I carry every last life that was lost, I may have saved the kingdom that day but I ended another.  I could never do it again, especially to those who don't deserve it."

Jasmine held her friend, though Bomani did not weep.  It seemed his tears had run dry years ago.

"Bomani, I'm sorry," Jasmine said, "I don't know why the Sphinx would say such a thing."

"I know we must do as she says, but it goes against all she's taught me."

"Bomani, what has the Sphinx taught you?  About war?"

"To be honorable, to be merciful, to only attack to protect the innocent, to crave peace and not war, to love instead of hate.  Only to attack in defense of my kingdom, and to seek to make friends instead of enemies."

"And what she has told you to the Baratas flies in the face of all that." Jasmine said softly, "Perhaps, for years she's taught you to be temperate, and only once has she told you to be merciless.  Perhaps following her will is to defy this order.  What would you have done to fix this situation if the Sphinx did not intervene?"

"I would gather a party, and go to Panampen to deal with Zion." Bomani considered, "If he was unwilling to listen to reason. . .I would kill him and free those he oppressed."

Jasmine nodded, "That's a good plan," She said. "It follows all the Sphinx has taught you."

Bomani smiled, "I suppose. . .I WOULD be following the teaching of the Sphinx if I did it that way." He said. 

"Bomani, I cannot advise you to defy the orders of the Sphinx," Jasmine said, "But it is also against my teaching to tell a pony to defy what is in their heart.  Only you can decide Bomani, but I trust you to make the right decision, and I will stand with you whatever you decide."

"Thank you Jasmine," Bomani said, wiping away a tear that was beginning to streak his eye makeup. "I know what I must do."

----*----

Courtship with Prince Hisan was unlike our friendship before.  Over the next few days Hisan and I attended a few feasts, court meetings, and a wrestling match with me a his date and not just his friend.  First of all, we where always under the watchful eye of the royal Chaperones, Either Bomani or one of Hisan's other guards.  The idea was to keep our relationship "Respectful" in the eyes of the nobles.  The effect was I always felt like I was being watched, as if I was going to start making love to Hisan in front of the entire court or something.  I knew I was supposed to be getting to know Hisan but in truth we didn't even talk all that much.  We greeted Nobles, rich merchants and a few foreign dignitaries as a couple, but rarely shared words.  My relationship with Jasmine was the exact opposite.  We weren't really meeting in secret, but being that my courtship was quite public, we thought it prudent not to be seen as a couple to the eyes of the public.  My love for her grew, and I wanted everypony in the kingdom to know, but aside from a few rumors nopony did.  Hisan seemed to know, giving me a sly grin and a raised eyebrow when I mentioned I'd be meeting Jasmine later.  It was Ironic, the one pony who should be offended by Jasmine and I being Lovers, seemed fine with it.  However, if the other nobles learned about what was going on, it would be a scandal.

     There was a day when I was tending to the hives as I often did in the afternoons Prince Hisan came to my land in his chariot.  My father trotted over to greet him.

"Prince Hisan," My father said with a polite bow. "How does this day find you?" 

Hisan looked curiously at my father, "Just fine Lord Zaan, how is it you always seem to recognize me?"

"You use pine nut oil to condition your beard, yes?" Me father said, "And your chariot clanks, no one else in the kingdom has a chariot plated in gold."

"You never cease to amaze me Lord Zaan," Prince Hisan said. "Is Sombambula about? I was hoping her and I could have a picnic."

"She's splitting hives but should be just about finished." My father, said, turning to shout to me. "Somnambula! The prince is here!" 

I flew over, and saw Hisan smile up at me.  I landed in the chariot next to him.

"So, where we going?" I said with a broad smile. "Another ball? A dance?"

Hisan held up a weaved basket, "Picnic, by the river?" 

"Just the two of us?" 

"Apedi and Sedeh will chaperone," Hisan said, motioning to the ponies pulling his chariot. "But aside from that. . .just you and me."

      I never got to know Apedi and Sedeh very well, they were part of Bomani's warrior elite and two of Hisan's most trusted guards.  Apedi was a scout, who I learned could speak with animals.  His pet hawk Atanen flew high over the enemy and could report back to him.  Sedeh, was not that subtle.  Her name in the old languages meant "To Smash" and that's what she liked to do.  She wasn't cold blooded, she preferred to use her mace to maim rather than kill, but if something needed broken, Sedeh was the one to do it.  

"Sounds nice," I said. 

My father patted Apedi on the shoulder, "Please make sure they behave themselves," 

"Of course, Lord Zaan," Apedia said in his booming voice.

"We'll keep an eye on them," Sedeh added in her calm drone.

     The chariot took to flight, and Apedi and Sedeh landed us near the banks of the sacred River.  Sedeh and Apedi sat near the chariot, quietly chatting, and giving Hisan and I a little privacy as we ate our pomegranates, boiled eggs, and dried fish.  He poured wine into a set of goblets for me.

"How is Jasmine?" Hisan asked, 

"She's a lot better, on the new diet." I explained. "Hotep says she'll be just fine as long as she has her medicine."

"Delightful." Hisan said, "Bomani has a plan to deal with this new leader of the Baratas.  He wants to go there with me, a diplomat, that would be you, and a representative of the Gods, that would be Jasmine.  We'll speak to Zion, make him see reason."

"Well, Zion seems pretty unreasonable, he took over all the Baratas, killed their leaders," I said, "What if he won't honor the treaty."

Hisan drew a hoof across his throat.  "Then we will liberate the Baratas, by liberating Zion from his head." 

I shuddered, I never did like violence. "Oh, I hope we won't have to do that." I said. 

"As do I." Hisan said, "But the Baratas are good people, and they have fallen under the power of the Zealot. In doing this, we'll save them from oppression.  Once Zion is placated, or dead, you can help with the situation in Panampen.  You're smart, Somnambula and you have a big heart.  Your wisdom will be invaluable if you choose to join us."

"Of course," I said cheerfully, "But don't say I'm wise it makes me sound old," 

Hisan laughed and drank his wine, "Foolish, you are young and beautiful, and when you do grow old you will stay beautiful.  I imagine a thousand years from now you'll look as beautiful as you do today."

Hisan had no idea he was foreshadowing there, but I swear that's what he actually said.

"If you're going to flirt you better send the Chaperones away," I said, giving Hisan a playful look.

     Hisan returned my look and stood up, walking the short distance to Apedi and Sedeh.  Prince Hisan drew a few coins from his purse, lifted Apedi's hoof and set the gold in it.

"You two look very thirsty, why not head into town for a drink?" 

The two guards looked at each other, and then down at the gold, both smiling shallowly. 

"Of course, My prince." Apedi said with a wink.

"Have a good time, your highness," Sedeh giggled as the two flew off.

I couldn't stop laughing, "I can't believe you actually bribed the chaperones!" 

Hisan laid on the banks of the river next to me, holding me close, "It's a family tradition, if my father didn't bribe the chaperones when he was courting my mother I'd have never been born."

I rested my head on Hisan's chest, "Oh, so you mean to seduce me," I said.

"Well, it's crossed my mind," HIsan said.

"Well, you ruined it!" I said, "You're not supposed to tell somepony you're going to seduce them,"

"My friend, I know well the game of seduction, I've had no trouble with mares before."

"Don't I know it, all those Merchant's daughters and temple girls," I said. "How did you seduce them?"

Prince Hisan thought, "Well, I'd walk up to them, kiss their hoof, like so," He said, lifting my hoof to give it a tender kiss, "And I say, 'Hello, I am prince Hisan'"

"What then?" 

Hisan shrugged, "That's it, then they're usually all over me." He admitted. "Mares love princes, I guess." 

"Well, I'm not a Merchant's daughter, I'm a noble," 

"I see," Hisan said looking down at me, gently kissing the top of my head. "Well, I'm afraid all this time of having it easy has done little for flirting skills.  I would be content just to hold you."

    And he did, we watched the sunset together, held close without words for a time.  I rested on Hisan's chest, Listened to his quickening heart.  I was sure in one thing in this moment, I was not in love with Hisan.  He was handsome, kind, loving, everything a mare could want in a husband, but even at that perfect moment I couldn't bring myself to love him like everypony thought I should.  Even though, there was so much warmth in his embrace.  I think back on that day and I don't regret one moment I spent with Hisan.  I do however regret the kiss we shared.  

     I wasn't just a playful peck, like I'd given him to tease him.  It was a kiss of passion, a moment here I felt the need to express affection.  For Hisan however, it was the moment he fell in love with me.  When we drew away from that kiss, I saw the same look in his eyes that Jasmine had when she looked to me.  I also knew, I wasn't returning that look.  I'd given Hisan false hope and that is why I regret kissing him.  Luckily Apedi and Sedeh chose that moment to return, with more than a little wine on their collected breath.

"Somnambula, your mother sends her regards," Sedeh said to me, plainly. "And went on to say if we failed in our duties as chaperones again, she'd stab us."

"I've been in two hundred battles my Lady and your mother scares me more than any of them." Apedi said, with a sideways smile.

Hisan laughed, a bit disappointed. "Well, mothers can be like that when they fear for their daughter's virtue." He said. "But Somnambula is still innocent, she was no reason to worry."

     Only I wasn't innocent, I'd committed a great sin.  I did not tell Hisan how I felt, I let him love me when that love would never be returned.  He offered me his heart, only for me to break it.  To this day, I wish I could have given him my own. . .but Jamine had my heart.  She did back then, and to this very day.  I still wonder, why love can be so cruel and so beautiful at once.  Still, it was life as it should be, cruel and kind.  I wish I knew better back then how to endure, there was more cruelty of fate to come.

----*----

Having packed my bags and Told mother and father Goodbye, I met Jasmine, Bomani and Prince Hisan at the courtyard.  I was surprised to see we were joined by Apedi and Sedeh, both wearing their full battle dress, Apedi's hawk Atanen perched loyally on his back. Bomani was now wearing his helmet and breastplate, and was sharpening his curved sword against a stone as I approached.

"Good morning, Everypony" I said cheerfully, "I thought you were only going to bring one bodyguard," 

"Yes, that's what I agreed upon with Bomani."  Hisan said, turning to his friend.

Bomani held a hoof to his chest, his best innocent look on his face, "I did as we agreed my Prince, I bought one bodyguard." He said. "One for you Hisan, one for Somnambula, and one for Jasmine."

Hisan shook his head, "Hopefully, this mission will be one of peace, old friend.  We can't go in there with an army,"

"Three soldiers is not an army my prince, and the way to Panampen has threats that may take more than two trained fighters to deal with."

"As usual my friend, you understand these things better than I," Hisan said, before turning to the two soldiers. "You two, remember this is a mission of peace.  So no killing until I specifically order it."

"Yes my prince," The two chorused.

     Bomani tapped my shoulder, and held forward a pair of bronze daggers to Jasmine and me. It took me a second to realize he meant to give them to us.

"Thank you but I don't know how to use it," I said.

"Just put the pointed end in what you want to kill," Bomani said, 

I pushed to dagger back to Bomani, "I don't want to kill Anypony," I said.

"That's your choice," Bomani said, "Jasmine?"

Jasmine smiled and lifted her gown to reveal a short sword, "The wardens are trained to fight if they must," She said.

"Very well," Bomani said, slipping the daggers into his breastplate. 

"If everypony is ready, then we will be off." Hisan said. "And pray the gods favor us."

----*---- 

It took two days to fly to Panampen, over the deserts of our kingdom.  Following the river south until it bent to the east, then over open desert.  We camped at the river bend that first night, so Bomani could fish and we cold refill our water skins for the trip south.  I'd set up my tent as Bomani cast a net into the river for our supper.  Apedi cast Atanen into the air, the hawk spreading its wings and circling high in the sky above to look for threats in the surrounding cliffs and hills.  Sedeh set to work putting up Prince Hisan's ornate tent and Jasmine busied herself with her evening prayers.  My prince, being ever industrious was trying to help Sedeh with the tent poles but how he swung the hammer revealed he'd never done a day of work in his life.  I tried my best to help him, giggling as we both revealed we had no idea what we were doing.  He WAS a prince after all.  Atanen returned to Apedi's back, chittering and squawking in the language only Apedi could understand.

"My prince, Atanen has reported." Apedi said with a salute.

"Very well, what has she seen?"

"She reports smoke from a number of campfires to the north, along the Sendar road." Apedi repeated. "Likely a Fremen caravan."

"That's good, we can stop with them tomorrow for provisions." Hisan said.  "Jasmine? Are there any signs in the evening's first stars?"

"Venus is out early, on a red sunset." Jasmine said, "That means a deal will be struck between two travelers."

"Good." Hisan said, Satisfied.

"It can also mean someone will have their throat cut,"

"Not so good," Sedeh mentioned,

"Why are the stars never clear?" I giggled.

"Because the future is never clear my love," Jasmine said. "All is in flux." 

     When Jasmine called me "my love" I saw the slightest reaction on Hisan's face. I didn't understand, he knew Jasmine and I where together, even though we never talked at length.  He seemed not to mind before, but things have changed.  He puzzled me even more by what he said next.

"Jasmine, Somnambula, take the far tent." He said. "Bomani, with me.  Guards, you take the watch tonight." 

"Yes, my Prince."

"Bomani, are we having fish or hard bread tonight?" I called out.

Bomani lifted a large net filled with fish and smiled, "The Sphinx provides!" He shouted.

     I didn't know why Prince Hisan suggested Jasmine and I share a tent.  Perhaps he didn't mind her and I where together, to perhaps he wasn't thinking about it, so focussed on our mission.  After a meal of spiced fish cooked over smoldering coals, we retired to our tents.  As Jasmine and I laid in each other's arms, I felt the need to speak to her on it

"Jasmine, I love you." I breathed, "But I really need to talk to you about this situation with Prince Hisan."

"Somnambula, my love he understands."  Jasmine said, "And we're not breaking any rules of Your courtship."

"No, but something has changed." I said as I tenderly stroked her mane. "I think he's falling in love with me."

"That's wonderful," Jasmine said with a smile. 

"No, Jasmine it's not. . ."

"What not?  Love is always a wonderful thing!" Jasmine said, planting a tender kiss on my neck. "I'm not jealous my love, how could I blame him for falling for you too?"

"But Jasmine, I don't love him back. . ."

"Of course you do, you have spoken fondly of Hisan since we were children,"

"But there's no romance for him, Jasmine.  There's no flame, like I have for you." 

"Some fires burn bright and hot, but some smolder," Jasmine said. "A roaring fire is useful, but so is a smoldering fire."

"Oh you're right. . .if I'm in love with Prince HIsan, we'll have to get married!" 

"And that would be terrible, being a princess? Adored by all?" Jasmine giggled. 

"I only need to be adored by one, to be happy." I said, kissing Jasmine, "I don't want to marry Hisan, I want to marry you."

Jasmine giggled, "Now you're joking." 

"No, I'm not!" I said, kissing Jasmine. "I would, if you would have me.  You know you can get married, being a temple warden."

"Don't tease me about this Somnambula," Jasmine said, blushing.

"I'm not teasing," I said, "If you were to ask me, I'd say yes!  I live in that little Hutt now but I have a dowery.  We could get a little place near the north field, where the brook runs.  I could build us a house,"

Jasmine held me close, "I . . .would not want to break Hisan's heart." She said. "Somnambula, I'm sure if we all spoke together, he'd understand."

"I don't know, Jasmine.  With the situation in Panampen he's got a lot on his mind." I admitted. "We should probably wait, and talk to him about this later."

"Of course," Jasmine cooed, 

----*----

Bomani Didn't sleep much, I knew this from the time when we all shared a bunk as school.  In prince Hisan's tent, he rested near the door, eyes unblinking as he watched the opening to the tent for any threat.  Bomani and the Prince trained in a fighting style who's name I forget, but they always called it "The Method".  It's secrets also lost to the thousand years I spent in Limbo.  It allowed them to go without sleep for days, enhanced their senses, made them impervious to pain, and their skin as tough as boiled leather.  Apedi and Sedeh would be awake that entire night, and they wouldn't even get drowsy.  

"Bomani? Are you still awake?" Hisan said.

"Awake and alert." Bomani said.

"I have a problem," 

"I'll step outside if you need to use the chamber pot,"

Hisan laughed, "No, it's not that." He said from his bedroll. "It's Somnambula."

"She has her own chamber pot." 

"Bomani, please. . ."

The warrior chuckled, "Just lightening the mood," He said. "What vexes you my friend?" 

"I'm in love with her Bomani," 

"Hard not to be, Somnambula is a wonderful mare." Bomani said. "And isn't that why you're courting her?"

"The courtship was just supposed to be a way of getting used to being with a mare," Hisan admitted. "I thought if I courted a close friend, it would help me to prepare for more serious courtships later," 

"Reasonable." Bomani said, not taking his eyes off the tent's opening. "You've been with women before, but never out of a desire to build a lasting relationship."

"Exactly, I wanted to get used to a serious relationship, a public one, not just sneaking a maiden back to my bedchamber.  I never thought I'd actually have feelings for her."

"That's a good thing right? You're courting her already, saves you a step." Bomani said. "She'll make you a fine wife."

"I have a feeling she is in love with Jasmine."  

"I got the same feeling," Bomani said. "Those two are inseparable."

"You're not helping,"

"What do you want, Hisan?  I'm a warrior, I deal in facts.  Fact is, Somnambula and Jasmine are in love.  You love her, you have to look at this tactically."

"Not everything can be broken down to tactics." 

"I beg your pardon my prince, but love is much like combat." Bomani said. "You and Jasmine are competing for the same mare, and your position is favorable.  You're already courting her, it's like having the high ground.  Plant your feet, make the enemy come to you."

"I don't like you talking about Jasmine as the enemy, Bomani." Prince Hisan said, a bit of impatience in his voice.

"Sorry, I simply mean that when your army is in a favorable position you don't have to move or take serious action to attain victory.  For all intents and purposes Somnambula is already with you.   Stay the course, be your charming, handsome self and eventually this will come around to your favor."

"That makes sense... But the problem with thinking about this in terms of combat and Jasmine as the enemy is that she has to lose." Hisan lamented. "I love Jasmine like my own sister, she means a lot to me.  I don't want to hurt her,"

Bomoni turned his eyes to Hisan, then nodded shallowly. "You're right as usual, my friend." He admitted quietly. "I'm sorry, I care for Jasmine too.  She's like the light in the tower that leads me home through the fog.  I would sooner cut off my own nose than hurt her,"

"Then you see the problem." Hisan said 

"Well, I'm afraid I don't have the answers." Bomani said, turning back toward the tent opening. "But, I do know this; nothing bad comes with love that outweighs the good.  So hang in there, don't lose hope.  However this works out, Somnambula and Jasmine will always be a part of your life.  And So will I."

"Until you die,"

"Nope, Pharaoh told me I'm not allowed to die before you." Bomani said. "And when you DO die, I'll me mummified and buried with you.  That way I can watch you back in the afterlife.  When Anubis weighs your heart and it's too heavy, I'll just beat on him until he lets you in."

Hisan Laughed, "That's not how it works, Bomani."

"It's worth a try,"

"For me you would fight a God?" Hisan said, his tone suddenly serious.

"Without hesitation, my Prince." Bomani replied, just as serious.

----*----

After a quick breakfast, we took to the skies again, following the smoke of the campfires, finding a group of wagons parked near a cliff side where the shade was.  The Fremen where, as they are now, Nomads.  They'd find a nice spot like that shady cliff and stick around, watering their goats and waiting for travelers to use the roads so they can trade with them.  They usually traded in wool, then traded in all the things the wool was traded for.  Even back then Fremen could get you almost anything.  

"Allow me to go down first my Prince, and make sure the caravan is secure." Bomani said.  

"Good thinking general." Hisan said.

    We watched as Bomani landed near the caravan, a few of the black-robed ponies walking up to talk to him.  As we hovered, we saw them lead him into a waiting wagon and he didn't come out.  We were to high up to hear any of the words that were spoken, but something didn't seem right.

"What's he doing?" Prince Hisan asked. "He's been in there a while."

"Maybe it's a pretty mare," I offered.

"Nefertiti herself could be in there, and he'd ignore her if he was on duty," Jasmine said.

"Well, if there was a problem he would have flown back up here." Hisan said. "Let's go."

      The five of us landed, approaching the caravan, and the black-robed ponies stood around, staring at us.  I've been to Fremen Caravans before, they were the type that where always busy with something.  Talking, playing dice, spinning wool, eating, cooking, they never sat idle.  They never took a lot of notice of strangers, unless they had something to sell.  Now, everyone was just standing around staring at us.  That wasn't the only unusual thing, something was missing from this caravan and I couldn't think of what.  I just knew something that should be there, wasn't there.  An older pony, one of the tribal leaders most likely, walked up to us looking sad.

"My prince, I-I'm sorry," He whined, "We did not want this, if there was any way we could have avoided this-"

"What? Old man?" Sedeh asked, drawing her bronze mace off her back, "What are you apologizing for?" 

    In a split second, we got our answer. From inside the wagons, emerged half a dozen Minotaurs wearing leather armor and wielding bows and daggers.  One with a golden helmet, like their leader, waved to someone in the wagon and two more Minotaurs emerged.  Both of them where sporting bumps, bruises and cuts.  Between them, wrapped in a number of Iron chains, was Bomani.

"Hisan!  Fly!  Go!" Bomani shouted, "They got the drop on me, but don't concern yourself with me!" 

"Shut up!" One of the minotaurs said, swinging a solid wooden club at Bomani's head.

    The club did not connect however, with all his other limbs bound Bomani caught the club in his mouth, and pushed forward so the butt-end stuck the Minotaur in the eye.  The Minotaur roared in pain falling to the ground.

"Just go Hisan!" Bomani shouted, "I'll catch up!"

"I wouldn't do that," The Armored Minotaur said.  "Take a look great prince, my archers don't have their bows aimed at you,"

     I was curious what the big Minotaur Was talking about, so I looked at the archers, and he was right.  None of them where aiming their bows at us, but at some point behind us.  We turned and looked, and I realized what was missing from the Village, it was the children.  The archers where pointing their bows at the caravan's children.  There must have been 20 or 30 of them, older siblings carrying their infants brothers and sisters.  All with looks of mortal fear in their eyes.

"If you take to flight I'll have my archers open fire on these poor children."

"What is it you want?" Prince Hisan asked.

"You, my prince.  I am but a humble Mercenary, who was offered your weight in gold to deliver you in chains." The Minotaur said. "No one has to be hurt today, you, your friends, the children, we even wrestled your bodyguard down without so much as a scratch.  It took two of my men to get the chains on him."

      I knew the Minotaur was right, Prince Hisan would go with them before he allowed one innocent to come to harm.  Bomani would have been able to save the children, I'd seen him move fast enough to dodge sling stones, he could catch those big heavy arrows.  But he'd been bound.  A plan developed in my mind, and I spoke quickly, before things could get worse.

"Oh no, Jasmine they touched him!" I said, doing my best to sound panicked. 

Jasmine looked at me with confusion.

"I was hoping I'd never have to see anyone die like that again," I whimpered.

"What are you talking about?" The Minotaur growled

"The poison pelt curse!  You've never heard of it?"  I shrieked, "By the gods, I'm so sorry!  They should have warned you!"

"Poison pelt curse?!" the lead Minotaur scoffed, "There's no such thing,"

"If only that were true!" I shrieked, hold a hoof to my forehead for dramatic effect. "All the Royal family and their bodyguards are cursed, so that if anypony touches them without the special potion, they will die horribly!"

"What's going to happen to us?" One of the Minotaurs holding Bomani said, fearful.

"First, it effects your eyes," I said, "You will see colors differently, that's how you know the curse has touched you," 

"Yes," Jasmine said, Realizing where I was going with the bluff. "Like, you might see my coat as grey or blue, instead of red, like it really is." 

"I see your coat as brown!" The Minotaur said, panic in his voice. "Bandar, I have it!  I have the curse!" 

The leader, I knew his name was Bandar now, scowled at his man. "Nonsense!  I didn't touch him and I see her coat as brown too!"

"By the Gods it's in the air now!" Hisan said, joining my bluff, "It's likely they all have it, Somnambula!"

"Oh no!" I Shrieked, "Bomani, it was so cruel that you didn't tell them!"

"I'm sorry, I didn't have a chance." Bomani said, a sly grin. "I guess it's their own fault."

"What's gonna happen to me?!" One of the Minotaurs said.

"Don't worry, it's quick." I assured him, "After the curse turns you inside out, you'll likely only survive in horrible agony for a few seconds."

"You said there was a potion!" The leader said, panicked, "Give it to me now!"

"I have to apply the potion, to Bomani to lift the curse," I said, holding a vial of oil I had in my pack. 

"Do it!" 

     I walked to Bomani, pouring some of the oil onto his forehead, sneaking one of my hairpins into a wing, trying to pick the lock around his neck. I leaned close to whisper.

"Can you save those kids?" 

"If those archers panic, I'll have the time I need.  Keep up the bluff," Bomani said, just as the lock around his neck clicked open. 

I nodded and turned, "Oh no! The potion!  It's not working!" I shouted, "The curse is out of control!"

     I secreted one of the pomegranates out of my pack and pressed it to my chest and the red juice and white seeds erupted out.  It must have looked pretty gruesome to folks who didn't know I was just smoothing fruit into my fur. 

"She's turning inside out!" One of the archer roared, pointing at me with wide eyes.

"Oh no, we're next!" Another shouted, 

     Bomani saw his opportunity, and threw off his chain, he grabbed it and swung it at two of the archers while they were panicking, knocking both of them out cold.  Sedeh pulled out her mace and threw it at another, the Bronze head making a dull, metallic thud as it hit the archer in the head.  Apedi just pointed, and his hawk flew to the fourth archer and clawed at his eyes, Apedi leaping forward, kicking the Minotaur in the chest and sending him flying into the cliff face.  

"It was a lie!" Bandar roared, pulling out a massive bronze battle axe and pointing to me, "That's a Pomegranate!"

"And thank you so much for making me waste it," I said, "I was saving it for later."

Jasmine had made her way to the children, and noticed one of the older boys had a black eye. "Bomani, they hurt the children," She lamented,

     Hisan drew his curved sword, and tossed it to Bomani who caught it out of the air with all the effort of a pony picking a flower.

"So, you're mighty tough against Children, Bandar." Bomani growled, 

"Some of them mouthed off, what kind of criminal would I be if I allowed that?" 

"You're going to wish that curse was real," Bomani hissed, "Your end is far more cruel, I am  Bomani, ender of worlds."

"Oh really? The great warrior of the Sphinx stands before me? You Lie!" The Minotaur taunted, "You're short, you're young, not a scar on your body, what proof do I have that you are the one who defeated the Hyksos?" 

     Bomani moved so fast, it was imperceptible.  His sword was in one place, then another so quickly I couldn't perceive anything in between.  Then, I noticed the Minotaur's neck was bleeding.  A thin red line was visible along the front of his neck, before a fountain of blood shot out like a fan.  Bandar tried to talk, but there was only a gurgle.

"Who else but I could have killed you so easily?" Bomani said, and Bandar toppled forward.

The two Minotaurs ho where holding Bomani where the only two left, and they drew their swords.

"Gentlemen, do you really want to do this?" Bomani said, pointing the sword at the two. "I enjoy a morning workout, but will you enjoy death?"

The two traumatized Minotaurs dropped here swords, and turned to run.

"BE STILL!" Bomani roared in a commanding voice. 

They stopped as if they'd hit a brick wall.

"If you apologize to the children, you can live." Bomani shouted, "Otherwise, you won't go two more steps."

      The two looked at eachother with fear in their eyes, now knowing who they were facing.  They walked to where Jasmine was treating the children for their bumps and bruises.  The foals shrank back in fear, the children cried.  The two Minotaurs bent to their knees, their voices shaking as they spoke.

"Please forgive us,"

"We shouldn't have hurt you,"

Bomani stood by one of the Minotaurs, and smiled. "Now children, these men seem very sorry, do you accept their apology?"

The children nodded, 

"Very well." Bomani said, tossing Hisan's sword back to him. "Now go home, rethink your life.  Maybe start a farm, do honest work.  I don't have to be merciful the next time we meet."

     The Minotaurs ran without saying another word.  I always wondered what happened to them, I like to imagine they actually took up farming, started families, and lived happily ever after.  Of course the chances are equally good they Just continued being criminals in another distant land.  

    The Fremen had been attacked just before we got there.  Back then, they didn't have warriors and could do very little when the Minotaurs took their children.  Prince Hisan was understanding, and forgave them.  He told the Village elders he was just glad everypony was okay.  Hisan paid for our water, despite the fact the elder offered it as repayment for saving the children.  That sounds generous but remember, it wasn't like he didn't have the money.  The kingdom was rich, and fat and happy.  The Fremen where almost set for life just trading with our travelers.

     As I took a little time to play a game of dice with the children, I clearly saw Jasmine going to a jewelry seller.  There, she bought a string of pearls.  Jasmine knew I loved pearls, so I suspected they were for me.  A gift, an engagement gift. If Hisan was angry, or sad, he didn't show it, as he watched Jasmine secret the pearls away into her bag.

----*----

     Outside Panampen we were surprised to see one of our armies, close to five hundred of our soldiers, with tall shields and long spears standing in front of ranks of archers an a number of scythed chariots.

"That's the third army of the north, under Commander Kestrel." Bomani explained, 

"What are they doing outside Panampen?" Hisan asked as we circled. 

"Not sure, but they have standing orders to react to any threat." Bomani said, pointing toward to glimmering streets of Panampen, 

"Seems this war may start with our without us," Jasmine lamented.

"Hey, what are you always saying? Don't give up hope?" I said, giving Jasmine a kiss on the nose as I flew by.

      Hisan gave the order and we flew down into the heart of the third army, and up until that point I'd never been in an army that large.  I wasn't a warrior, nor was I interested in being one but what I saw was nonetheless interesting.  I was surprised to find an army this size was more than just ponies with swords, it was more like a little town.  There was a number of large four-walled tents built around wooden posts, most of which where filled with soldier's bedrolls but some filled other tasks.  I saw an office tent filled with scribes and long papyrus scrolls. Next was a medical tent, thankfully empty at the moment, but stocked with medicinal herbs and bandages.  There was a tent where a cook was working on a cauldron of some kind of stew, he even had a little brick oven where fresh bread was baking.  Bomani explained to me this army, like all our roving forces was capable of moving from place to place quickly, but keeping independent enough they could survive quite comfortably in the wilderness with no support.  Commander Kestrel's personal tent looked like a nice house inside with cushions, nice furniture, big cushy carpets.  As we entered, Kestral seemed to be in the middle a meeting with a few sergeants, but as they saw Prince Hisan they immediately stopped their conversation, turned and bowed to him.  It was weird, I knew Hisan so well I always forgot he was the son of the Pharaoh and the second most powerful pony in the kingdom.

"Commander Kestrel, I wonder why one of my armies is here at Panampen." Prince Hisan.  

"My Prince, there have been raids on several of the farms near here, as well as several trade caravans." Kestrel explained. "We are merely trying to stop these raiding parties."

"Day and night patrols of the local area, and placing the army within sight of the city for a little good old fashioned intimidation." Bomani observed. 

I nodded, "Yeah, they'll think twice about trying anything with an army here staring them down."

"The problem with a staring contest is that sompony must eventually flinch," Jasmine said. "I hope this won't inspire them to strike back,"

"I hope to have this resolved long before that," Hisan said, nodding to Jasmine. "Commander, you said there were raids against farms? Was it large organized attacks?"

"No, my prince.  It was just a few soldiers stealing wagons of grain, or vats of wine." Kestrel explained.  "Very disorganized, no commanders, just younger Baratas."

"Sounds like they're running out of food," Jasmine said, "They're just hungry, the poor things."

"Panampen has all kinds of grain stores, orchards and fishing streams, they have date palms on every street corner, how could they be running out of food?" Bomani said.

"Kids," Hisan reflected, "Conscripts from the tribes, not Gurkhas."

"That makes no sense," Bomani said. "This Zion character is turning everything on its head."

"Help me out," I said, "What makes no sense about conscripts? We use them,"

"Not the Baratas." Prince Hisan said. "Their society has a strict caste system.  The Gurkha is the warrior caste, Professional warriors born into their profession. No one else in their civilization fights."

"I'm betting he's withholding food from them to keep them loyal," Bomani said, 

"Those poor young ponies, hungry and far from home, they must be so frightened." Jasmine said, "We have to help them, my prince."

"We will, Jasmine." Hisan said, patting Jasmine on the shoulder. "We will go into the city and settle this one way or another."

"I'll prepare the men to March," Kestrel said. 

"No, the Baratas must know we are not their enemy, if we go in with an army we'll only unite them against us.  I will go in with my diplomats and my bodyguards, no one else will be required."

"My prince Panampen is occupied by an enemy army!" Commander Kestrel said, a bit of panic in her voice. "Can three soldiers protect you?"

"It's not an enemy army," Prince Hisan said. "It's a bunch of scared kids and one tyrannical maniac.  We'll start by seeing Dew Drop. . .commander do you know if she's still in power?"

"We have no indication that she's been ejected with the others, probably because she's only half Pegasus." 

"If I know Dew Drop she's doing everything she can to Negotiate with the Baratas." Jasmine said. 

      Dew Drop was the mayor of Panampen, and the author of the treaties we shared with the Baratas.  She was born in Panampen, half Barata, and half Pegasus so she was a fine negotiator for both sides.  

"I'll be with him Commander, along with some of my best fighters. The Prince can handle himself pretty well Too you know." Bomani explained, "Just stay here unless the prince says otherwise."

"Yes, General."

     It was a quick flight to Panampen, where I was surprised to find things were pretty normal.  Well, as normal as Panampen gets.  I'd been there only a few times and it always struck me how new everything felt.  When I was a foal, this city was nothing but a few tents and some mud huts.  Now it was rows and rows of buildings of white quartz blocks.  The whole city was impossibly clean, and smelled of newly cut stone.  It took only a decade or two for the whole city to grow, and many citizens of the kingdom opening forges and smith shops to profit from all the new mines that opened up everywhere around the city.  Here my people and the Baratas worked together to make a beautiful new city with treaties protecting everyone.  

"Dew Drop will be in the galleria, if I know her as well as I think I do." Hisan said, "She'd have brought the city elders together and will be railing against those who broke the treaty."

"That sounds like her." Bomani said. "For all we know she's already wrapped this whole thing up."

     The six of us reached the galleria, where the city elders met. . .but it was strangely empty.  It was a auditorium, with a central round stage surrounded by tiers of stone steps where the city elders and representatives of businesses would sit and determine the future of the city.  Now, it was empty and quiet.

"This is wrong," Bomani said, drawing his sword, "everypony we should get out of here, now."

"You're right my old friend," HIsan said, Sedeh, Apedi and Bomani surrounding him with their weapons drawn. "Back through the archway!" 

     We ran together, only to see a a flaming wooden cart be pushed in front of the narrow passage back into the city.  Then, from somewhere arrows rained down and we ran back in the galleria, the cruel barbs sticking into the stone of the street just behind our hooves.

"We'll fly for it!" I suggested, pointing to the open sky above the galleria.

     We took to flight, only to be thwarted again by a thick net that was drawn over the skylight of the building.  Sedeh went to it and drew an axe, striking sparks of the chains with all her fury.

"It's steel!  We'll never cut it!" Bomani said, "Back to the Galleria we'll find another way out!"

    As soon as we landed however, we found that the seats all around us where now filled with our enemy.  Gurkha Warriors in glimmering armor, archers behind them, and behind them hundreds of young conscripts  in black robes with wooden spears, all looking a little less than enthusiastic about being there.  I could relate to them, I didn't want to be there either.

    The ranks of the enemy parted, and I caught my first glimpse of Zion.  He was an earth pony, a dark orange in color with black splotches.  He wore the robes and headdress of a religious leader but the breastplate and swords of a warrior, and his face was so scarred it looked like his face caught fire at some point and somepony put it out with a rake.  He was. . .remarkably ugly but his deep blue eyes had a strange focus.  Every time his eyes met mine I felt on edge, as if he was screaming at me silently.

"My Fellow pilgrims, Kali is generous! For she has sent us esteemed guests!" Zion Shouted to his men, Impossibly loud. "Prince Hisan of the Kingdom of the Sphinx, Bomani the Ender of world's!  Apedi, friend of birds! Sedeh the crusher! And two other glorious nobles."

The crowd jeered at us, all but the conscripts.  Some of those Gurkhas said some things I won't repeat here.

"No no no my children," Zion Scolded, "These are great men!  We should be honored they are here with us!  It is as Kali willed!"

"It's as you willed!" Bomani shouted back, "You send Minotaur mercenaries to capture Prince Hisan!"

"Kali works though her warriors," Zion said, as if that explained everything.

"We came to talk!" Prince Hisan said, "You violated the treaties we had with the Baratas!"

"Yes, the Mayor was quite vocal about that." Zion said with a bit of a laugh. "She was a blasphemer, as all the false leaders where.  The Gurkha have be far to tolerant of the blasphemers for far to long."

One of Zion's henchmen tossed something wrapped in rags at Hisan's feet.

"We have ways to deal with Blasphemers." Zion growled. 

     Apedi delicately unwrapped the package, and it was as I was fearing.  Inside, where the vacant eyes of Dew Drop. . .still connected to her disembodied head.  Jasmine shrieked and hid her eyes in Hisan's chest.  

"She was a diplomat! She wanted nothing but to help the people of Panampen!" Hisan roared, 

"No, she was an enemy of the Gods." Zion said with calm. "You however, are a pony I respect.  You are not just a leader, you are a warrior!  You fought the Hyksos, you combatted the griffon invaders, you yourself are not scared of blood."

"I appreciate your respect, but I find there is far more courage in creation than in destruction." Hisan shouted back, "I won't be intimidated by a man so ruled by violence.  I give you one chance to stop this madness.  I will be willing to hear your grievances and will do my best to do right by your people as I always have.  Continue this aggression, and I will meet it with my own aggression."

Zion laughed heartily, "My prince, I will not be appeased with words nor intimidated by threats.  My people have spent generations squeezing water from stone while your people drank fresh river water, my people gnawed on roots while you supped on Pomegranates and sweet cakes. . . I see a land for my people and it is yours.  I will take the lands of the Sphinx, for my people.  You will be put in your place, and nothing will stop that my prince, you've been spoiled for too long."

Hisan scowled, and turned up to the young conscripts. "And are all of you willing to die for this plan? Follow this tyrant who murders innocents and starves you in a land of plenty?"

There was some murmuring and Zion seemed to get angry, "ENOUGH!" He roared. "You have been brought here my dear prince to be tested by the Goddess Kali!"

      Bomani, Sedeh, Apedia and Prince Hisan drew out their shields, even Jasmine drew her sword.  All I knew about Kali is that she was the goddess of war, and being "tested" by her would probably mean a fight.  I was not wrong, into the center of the Gallera came Six Gurkhas, one for each of us.  One was armed with a trident, another an axe, another a club bigger than me, another with a long whirling chain, another with a long curved sword and the last of them was holding the chain to the biggest lion I'd ever seen.  Honestly, it was the only Lion I'd ever seen, but it was huge.

"The weapons of Durga!  Warrior Goddess!  The great demons could not stand against them,  can you?"

Bomani eyed the sword wielding pony closest to him, "You folks best back away from the prince, I don't just kill, I kill ugly." 

"You are to be tested by Kali!" The Sword wielding pony growled. 

Bomani smiled his winning smile, "We'll see who she favors soon, and I'll warn you. . .I have a way with both women and war gods,"

"Come on!" Sedeh said, swinging her massive mace to the floor and cracking the stone below her. 

"Instead of killing you outright, I give you a chance to earn your lives." Zion said. "For Kali is merciful and blesses you with glorious combat!"

"Stay behind me my Prince," Bomani said, drawing his curved sword. "Jasmine, Somnambula just stay away from these guys, they're Gurkhas, they've been fighting since they were children."

Jasmine looked at me with sad eyes, wielding her sword. "My love, We will not fall today.  The Sphinx told me I would have a great victory, as long as I stood with the ponies I loved."

"I won't leave your side," I said. 

"None of us will," Bomani said, nodding to Jasmine. "We fight as one,"

"I hoped this wouldn't end in violence," Prince Hisan said, "But it seems Zion is beyond reason."

"I have to agree." I said with a smirk. 

"I'll play your game Zion," Hisan said, anger in his voice, "But when I'm done with these goons, you're next."