//------------------------------//
// Rainbow's Denial 
// Story: Many Moons Ago 
// by Kunama Windrider 
//------------------------------//

"She is so dead," raged Twi as they marched to her hot air balloon. 'Shy tried to soothe her.

"Twi, she didn't-she couldn't possibly have known about us." Fluttershy tried to console Twilight but she was rambling on about a list of ways she'd like to kill Rainbow Dash. Luna spotted Moonie, who waved at her. She blushed, and motioned at her friends to let him know she needed to follow them. He nodded sadly and gestured at his cutie mark, and then he pointed at the sky. He mouthed 'Okay?' at her. Luna couldn't understand what he meant, but she smiled and nodded just the same. She wasn't going to miss out on an opportunity to see him. She dashed after her two new friends and hoped desperately that he hadn't been asking her if she had a boyfriend. 





Luna had scouted ahead to Rainbow's house, as Twi couldn't fly and 'Shy wasn't very good. She also put a spell on Twi that enabled her to walk on the clouds. When they finally reached Dash's front door, Luna saw flowers strewn on the clouds around them. She wasn't used to walking on clouds-she never really had to-but she was certain that there shouldn't be flowers here. Twi walked in without knocking, and Luna hastened after her. Already she could feel fear oozing from Flutters behind her. She slowed and put her leg around 'Shy, who smiled gratefully. They emerged into a dull blue room, with a dazzling rainbow sitting on the bed.

Rainbow Dash.





"Oh, so it's 'Twily' and her loonie follower, who was once a murderer?" said Rainbow. That stung Luna. She'd changed, and Rainbow Dash knew it.

"She's changed, Dash, and we have a little something to discuss," snarled Twilight, stepping forward. 'Shy, on the other hand, rolled back and fainted. Luna instinctively stepped back to get cold water, then remembered it wasn't her house. She breathed hard and stepped forward again.

"What, Twi? Oh, and by the way, I think Moonie the Loonie is the perfect match for that old bat there, so why don't you organize time for them to go out?" sniped Rainbow.

"That old bat, as you so unkindly dubbed her, is a princess, so watch your mouth, Dash," seethed Twi. "And stay away from 'Shy." Rainbow rolled her eyes.

"She's vacant, or hadn't you noticed, egghead?" She curled her lip. "'Sides, Flutters can make her own decision." Twi drew herself up taller, as if to prepare for a fight.

"She already has," came a soft, mild voice. Fluttershy was up. "And she's chosen Twi." Rainbow was flabbergasted. "Now leave my marefriend alone, Rainbow Dash." 'Shy's voice was as cold as Yakyakistan. 

"Sorry, 'Shy," mumbled Dash. She traced a tuft of cloud guiltily. Fluttershy's icy exterior remained.

"You can apologise to them both properly at the slumber party," she said in her horrible, frosty way, "in front of us all." And with that she turned on her heel and left the cloudy, soft building.