> Gazelle's Equestrian Tour
>  by Wayward Shadow
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Prologue: Just Changed and Arrived
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Random Idaho city apartment

“Try Everything,” The television sang as the movie on it, Zootopia, ended.

With a sigh, the apartment renter ejected the DVD and switched to Netflix. “Now it's time for my second favorite thing,” he muttered to himself as he chose 'My Little Pony’ to watch.

The man was truly a jack-of-all-trades kind of fan...that is to say, he’s a furry, a brony, and has a liking for blueberry inflation. So, anthro ponies and other anthro animals getting into inflation hijinks of one kind or another were his thing.

After watching a few episodes of MLP and the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory movie, it was 9 pm. The television was turned off and the bronyfurry began to clean up and get ready for bed. As soon as he stepped out of the bathroom in a robe after a shower, he heard a knock on the door. “Now who would be here at this hour of night,” he thought out loud. He checked the peep-hole to see no one there, but he could barely make out something under his vision.

Cracking the door open, he found a brown wrapped box with a tag that read, “To: current resident of apt#xxx. From: Anonymity Inc.” The bronyfurry carefully examined the box, checking if it had any form of “triggers.” While he knew that bomb-mail was possible, he didn't believe it to be probable. Even so, considering the strange sender and the fact that he did not order anything, he still wanted to be sure. After finding nothing, he picked it up and brought it inside. After cautiously shaking the box, it was then opened and the contents carefully laid out on the main room floor.

It was a fursuit of Gazelle from Zootopia, with additional undergarments, a white tank top, a pair of jeans, and faux leather purse, all of which were designed for the suit, not the wearer of the suit. Fascinated and downright ecstatic, the furrybrony decided to try out the suit now instead of waiting for the next day. With the full costume on, he found that the costume fit perfectly, if not a bit snuggly. It also seemed practically spot on with the movie depiction, with expected deviations to allow proper fit.

By the time he was done modelling himself in the suit, it was close to midnight. So, in an act of laziness, he decided to go to bed with the costume on. As soon as his masked head hit the pillow, he was out like a light. As he slept the suit began to shrink and began to fuse with his flesh and bone, eventually shifting his body to match Gazelle exactly. After a few minutes sleeping as Gazelle, he, or rather she, began to glow lightly and seemed to begin to phase out of reality until she was no longer there.



Equestria, Canterlot Castle Gardens

Princess Celestia, against her former student's and the other royals’ request, managed to schedule an entire week for her and the other princesses to rest and relax after the Storm King’s invasion. It was understandable for them to worry about the welfare of their subjects, but the thousand years that she practically ruled Equestria solo allowed her to rework the Equestrian government so it could run without her or any other princess’ supervision. Of course, this induced slight annoyance from her sister, an apathetic sigh from her niece, and a full blown panic attack from her former student. Such thoughts brought a smile to her face.

“Your Majesty Celestia?” Her new bodyguard, Tempest Shadow, asked as they walked the gardens. “What's with the smile?”

“Oh, just personal pranks involving my fellow princesses. To think that what most would find unpleasant, my former student finds hard to live without,” Celestia giggled.

Tempest smirked as well. “Give her time. She’ll get used to-" A bright and sudden flash interrupted her, causing her reflexes to kick in, opening her collapsible bo-staff and getting ready to face...a sleeping gazelle.

Both Princess and Bodyguard were confused. The gazelle in question was sleeping on a literal bed of moss. Said bed was on a wooden frame and had a woven grass pillow and a blanket of flowers, all of which were alive. After a few moments of looking at their sleeping guest and each other, Tempest quietly said, “If this is a Sleeping Beauty kind of thing, I'm not kissing her.”

Celestia had to hold herself from laughing at her comment. “I don't think that will be needed. A simple scan and moving her to a guest bedroom will suffice.” Her horn glowed a golden color, shining a similar glow over the sleeping gazelle and the living bed. A gasp from Celestia cut the flow of magic and she put a hoof to her heart. Tempest gave a look of concern and Celestia answered the unspoken question. “She's sapient and bipedal, like us, but she isn't a full gazelle. She is a nature sprite. A weak one, but by pony standards, her power would rival Princess Twilight when she was a unicorn.”

“I'm picking up something subtle when you said her power would rival Princess Twilight's,” Tempest pointed out.

“You are right. She holds the power, but lacks any knowledge or experience to use it,” Celestia explained. “If anything, the living bed she is sleeping on is just an unintentional or subconscious use of her magic.”

Tempest nodded, pretending she understood most of what was said. “So...take her to a guest bedroom and after she wakes up and is given the ‘Grand Welcome,’ a brief medical check up?” Celestia giggled and nodded. Tempest groaned and gently picked up the gazelle to bring her inside, and the bed seemed to reverse in growth until there was no hint of it being there.



Equestria, Unknown Location

“Hmm...that gazelle doesn't seem like the bundle of chaos that Anonymity Inc. said she would be, but hay, looks can be deceiving. After all, too much chaos and I'm in trouble with ol’ Sunbutt, Moonbutt, Lovebutt, Sparklebutt, the Manebutts, Glimbutt, and Scalebutt...and now with saying all of those joke names, ponies and readers will start thinking that I'm obsessed with butts. Ugh, I can't get a break can I?”
> Chapter 1: Waking and Whoopsie
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Equestria, Canterlot Castle Guest Wing

With a yawn and stretch, the gazelle woke slightly with a light peek of her eyes before drifting off again. Her eyes then peeped back open in confusion, with an imaginary Jeopardy theme playing in her head. After an hour-feeling-minute and an imaginary lightbulb lighting, her eyes widened in complete shock and she bolted up into sitting position. “Where in Darwin’s name-" she began before suddenly clamped her “hands" over her mouth. Her shock of voice change became shock over her body...and gender...change from that action.

As panic began to set in, she began to dart her eyes around the equine themed room. Her panic stricken mind processed the gathered information from the room and her body, and from that, her subconscious began to shout, “Praise Darwin and Faust! I'm in Equestria and I'm the Pop Star Gazelle! Sunshine, Flowers, and Blueberries for everycreature!”

Unbeknownst to the excited/panicked gazelle, the room’s walls and floor began to warp and crack. Plants began sprouting from the cracks, growing towards and around her in their attempt to comfort the emotional doe.

The unusual plant infestation of the room didn't go unnoticed outside of the room as well. Since plants need sunlight to grow, much of the plants had to invade the sunlit hallway just outside the room. The guards that were assigned to watch the gazelle's door were greatly surprised when the door and the wall area around the door suddenly sprouted plants, forcing the two away from it, mostly in surprise.

One of the guards, an orange pegasus, turned to his fellow pegasus guard. “Go find Princess Celestia and her personal guard. I'm going to monitor the situation, and if I see an opportunity, I'm going in.” The guard nodded and flew off. The orang pegasus drew his sword and began to hack and slash at the plants and vines that were growing from the door. A few minutes of that and the plants seemed to learn and redirected their growth to around the door.

When the door was clear enough for him to open, he opened it and saw that the room was easily traversable. However, the gazelle that was in the room didn't appear to be there. Instead, the bed had what seemed to be a cocoon woven from vines and grass. “She's gotta be in there,” the guard thought to himself.

Pulling out his dagger, he began to carefully cut through the vines until he could see her. And she looked terribly distressed. Her light brown eyes seemed glazed over in shock and tears were streaming out almost uncontrollably. Feeling sympathy for the doe, he reached into the hole he made and placed a hoof on her shoulder.

Instantly, the gazelle's eyes seemed to clear up and looked in the direction the hoof came from. Her eyes met his and the plants stopped growing. The vine cocoon opened and retracted, allowing her to move forward and hug him. Initially surprised, the guard returned the hug, barely noticing that all the plants began to reverse in growth until there was nothing left but a ruined floor, door and walls.

As she cried and he comforted, he asked, “What's your name, miss?”

With a sniff and a brief confused look, she answered, “Gabriella Gazelle.”

“My name is Flash. Flash Sentry,” he said. Just as she was starting to calm down, the door fell off of it's hinges, due to the damage, showing Princess Celestia and Tempest. A few moments were spent in unmoving, awkward silence before Flash spoke. “Am I in trouble?”

Celestia giggled and shook her head. “No, you did the right thing. In fact, if only to compare, it seemed like how I met my former student.”

“So...a magic surge?” Tempest asked.

“Not necessarily,” Celestia corrected. “I sometimes forget you don't have much experience with magic. She simply lacks control, more than likely the emotional kind.”

“I can agree with that,” Flash said. “When I was in basic, the unicorn recruits had to learn how to keep calm in combat, otherwise their magic would go haywire. I found Ms. Gazelle crying during the incident. As she calmed down, the invading plants pulled back.”

“Please,” Gabriella said while clearing her tears. “Gabriella or Gazelle will do. The whole “miss" stuff makes me feel older than I am.” She then stood up from the bed, somewhat unsteadily. “Also, despite the tears, I had more going on in my head than just shock and sorrow.” She took a step forward, causing the floor to creak. “And I'm sure you'd like to know more about me, but I think we should go somewhere more structurally sound.”

“Yeah, that's for sure,” Tempest commented while examining the room's damage. “I've gotta say, I'm impressed. Even if it was accidental, you did a good job practically demolishing the room.”

Gabriella and Flash exited the broken room. “Thank you, I guess,” she responded. “So...umm…”

“Let's go to my office, and you can explain,” Celestia finished.



Equestria, Canterlot Castle Royal Office


After a lengthy walk to the office, and Celestia had ensured privacy, the conversation started. “So, anything anycreature wants to say before we get underway?” Celestia asked the small group.

Gabriella raised her hand. “Well, my depression was released earlier, and I have one more emotion to release. You can be ready to do what you must to keep the room intact.” She paused before she had a huge smile on her face and began squealing and dancing. “OhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygosh!!! I never thought that Equestria was real! Come to think of it, I never thought I would visit my favorite TV show setting as my favorite character from a completely different franchise! I personally don't think this is a dream; I experienced a full on bout of depression and that keeps me awake, so...wait.” She stopped dancing as her eyes widened. “I said all of that out loud, didn't I.” She glanced at everypony in the room, Flash and Tempest having completely confused faces, while Celestia's held curiosity. Gabriela had only three words. “Evolution Dang It!”
