//------------------------------//
// A New Home 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

Storm Feather tried to catch his breath as he plopped down behind the train station. He didn’t realize Ponyville was that far from Canterlot. As his panting came to an end he looked at his surroundings. Ponyville was smaller than he thought it was. He looked at the many ponies going about their day. Some were at the market while others outside doing their jobs. It didn’t take long for him to find Twilight Sparkle’s castle. He looked over to the school next to it. ‘Wow..there’s an actual friendship school’ he thought. He shook his head. Storm Feather needed to get his head in the game. He had to find Sunset Shimmer, the pony who helped him when nopony else would. He smiled as he remembered the many kind things Sunset did for him.

”Sunset Shimmer?” A voice called out. Storm Feather turned to face Sunset. He got confused as he saw her panic.

“Oh horse apples,” Sunset whispered as she quickly pushed Storm Feather into her closet. “Stay quiet. Who knows what they might do if they see you here!” Storm Feather nodded as Sunset closed the closet door. However, Storm Feather’s curiosity got the better of him as he opened the door an inch to see a white stallion with a blue mane in gold armor come into the room. A guard pony. Storm Feather gulped.

“Sunset Shimmer..are you ok?” He questioned, “I heard you talking to somepony and...oh what happened to your window?” Storm Feather winced when he realized they didn’t fix the window yet. How was Sunset going to cover for this? He should’ve known that he would get caught. Storm Feather frowned as he thought of all the bad outcomes. He would probably go into the dungeon for entering the castle without permission or get sent back to Griffonstone. He sighed in defeat as he slowly opened the closet door, but before he could, Sunset spoke.

“Oh yeah...that..well, um, I was practicing a new spell and accidentally shot a beam at the window,” Sunset lied. Storm Feather’s jaw dropped. He didn’t think Sunset would lie to somepony in the royal guard. She even have a convincing lie and acted so well that Storm Feather would have believed it if he didn’t know the truth. “Oh, and before you ask about the food, I got hungry,” Sunset continued.

“Oh, ok, but I was sure you were talking to someone,” the guard said. Sunset just turned away from him as she waved her hoof dismissively.

“You must be hearing things. That, or you heard me reading to myself,” Sunset said. The guard looked at her before nodding and walked out. Once Storm Feather knew he was gone, he slowly came out of the room. He chuckled as he tackled Sunset in a hug. He felt her get tense as he hugged her and immediately stopped the hug. Both of them blushed.

“Thank you. You didn’t have to do that..so why? I..I don’t know what to say,” Storm Feather thanked quietly. Sunset Shimmer looked at him with the first caring smile he got from her.

“I don’t know much about you, but I do know that you’ve been through a lot,” Sunset’s look suddenly got mischievous, “Plus,  now you owe me.” Storm Feather laughed. That was more like the Sunset he had first talked to. She really was something. “So..where you going next?” Sunset questioned. Storm Feather paused. He didn’t know where he was going.

“I...I don’t know. I ran away from Griffonstone to find a real home,” he admitted. Sunset put her hoof to her chin. After a moment of silence, Sunset sighed. She then looked at Storm Feather again. Determination replaced the small frown on her face.

“I think I know a place you can stay that’s in the castle,” she offered. Storm Feather’s ears perked up. He was confused, shocked, and over joyed. Storm Feather’s mouth opened, then closed. He smiled, then frowned.

“Wait..really? You mean that? But why? Wouldn’t you get in trouble when I get caught. Wait..are we going to ask the princess first. I don’t think I can do that. If I do accept your offer, will I have food and a bed, or is it just a trap for me? No, you wouldn’t do that...would you?” He rambled. Sunset chuckled.

“Relax. I wouldn’t put you into the dungeon. As for the why, I think it might benefit both of us. You have a home and I have a new test subject to cast my spells on,” Sunset grinned as Storm Feather looked at her with an unamused face, “Also you don’t have to talk to Princess Celestia. For food, I’ll just sneak it to you. I can get you a comfy bed of your choosing to sleep on. Lastly, it’s not a matter of WHEN we get caught, but IF we get caught. As you saw before, I’m a pretty good liar. Just because I live in a castle, doesn’t mean I act like a goody two shoes or a prissy princess. I get in trouble too.” Storm Feather snorted.

“Like what? Forgetting to wipe your mouth with a tissue?”

“Well, my parents are strict with manners, and strict with pretty much everything else, so yes. I do get in trouble for that, but I got in trouble for burning a colt once,” Sunset admitted. Storm Feather’s jaw dropped.

“Wow...remind me never to get on your bad side,” he said. Sunset giggled.

“Let me show you your new room. Oh and don’t hug me ever again,” Sunset said.

“Come on. It wasn’t that bad. Plus, isn’t hugging something friend’s do?” Storm Feather said.

“We are NOT friends,” Sunset growled, but then stopped. She remembered what she promised Princess Celestia. “Ugh...I guess we aren’t friends right now. We barely know each other. But...I guess being friends can be a possibility.” Sunset’s horn  lit up as she moved the book shelf that covered a secret door.

“Wow...” Storm Feather said in awe. Sunset opened the door to reveal a rather big room. To his surprise, the room wasn’t dirty at all. It had a couch, chairs, tables, and a bed.

“This was the room where I practice more of my destructive and dangerous spells. The spells are things I shouldn’t cast yet, so I come here where nopony will hear me.  I go here often, so I made it my second bed room. I can change the furniture if you want,” Sunset explained. After Storm Feather looked around the room, he turned to face Sunset Shimmer.

“I actually like the place how it is. Except for the colors. Can you change the color scheme to black, blue, and white?” He asked. Sunset nodded. She took a deep breath and channeled her magic into her horn. Her aura surrounded her horn and lit up as she changed the room’s colors. Storm Feather smiled. He had a home. “Thank you...Sunshine.” Sunset hit the back of his head.

“It’s Sunset.”