//------------------------------//
// Second Round - Pinkie Pie vs Danny Eclipse 
// Story: Yu-Gi-Oh! Friendship is Magic 
// by sonicdash123 
//------------------------------//

Charming Thunder walked in the hall of the stadium and encountered Danny and Twilight waiting for him. Twilight rushed to him and gave him a tight hug as Charming Thunder hugged back. Danny had his duel disk on his arm as he approached them with a smile. "That was an awesome duel!!!" Twilight said; excitedly. "I didn't know that you hade one of the legendary dragons in your deck."

"Make that three," Charming Thunder said.

"Then that means...."

"He has Ultimate Dragon as well," Danny finished.

"Then I better watch my out if we ever duel." Charming Thunder nodded then looked at Danny.

"Off to your match, Danny?" Charming Thunder asked.

"Yup," Danny replied. "Against Pinkie."

"I wish you luck then." Charming Thunder then hoof bumped with Danny before he took his leave to the field. Charming Thunder followed Twilight out of the hallway so that he could take his seat with the audience.





Danny walked through the hallway and walked through the entryway to the field as he heard the crowd cheering. He saw Pinkie standing at the other side of the field as she waved at the crowd with a smile. She then turned to see Danny standing at the other side and took her place on the field. "If I win this duel, I am throwing a party!" Pinkie said. "Hope you are prepared. I am not going down without a fight." She then activated her duel disk.

"This duel will be over quick and painless," Danny said. "Let's go." He activated his duel disk.

"Duel!"

Danny Eclipse: LP 4000. Pinkie Pie: LP 4000.

"I'll go first," Danny said. "Draw! I set a monster face down and I set a card face down to end my turn."

"My turn!" Pinkie said. "I draw! I pay 1000 life points to activate Toon World from my hand." [Pinkie Pie: LP 4000 -> 3000] "Next I special summon Toon Mermaid in defense mode." A clam appeared and opened to reveal a cartoon mermaid holding a bow. [DEF 1500. LV 4]

"Yet you can't attack on the turn you summon that toon monster."

"Man you are catching on. I end my turn."

"My turn! Draw! I summon Vampire Lady in attack position." A humanoid monster with bat like wings hanging under her arms appeared on the field with a sword in hand. [ATK 1550. LV 4] "Vampire Lady, attack her Toon Mermaid!" The lady flew towards the mermaid and slashed at her. "I end my turn."

"It's my turn! Draw! I special summon Toon Gemini Elf in attack position." Two cartoon humanoid elf twins appeared on the field. [ATK 1900. LV 4] "Next I summon Krebons in attack position." A jester like robot appeared next to the elves on the field. [ATK 1200. LV 2] "Then, I tune my Toon Gemini Elf with my Krebons. Behold, this is the power of authority! Synchro Summon! A surprise encounter, Goyo Guardian." A humanoid guardian appeared on the field twirling his weapon. [ATK 2800. LV 6] "Now when he is on the field and destroys one of your monsters, I can special summon the monster on my side of the field in defense mode. Now Goyo Guardian, attack his Vampire Lady!" The warrior twirled his weapon and threw it at the vampire then pulled the monster to his side of the field.

"Grrr." [Danny Eclipse: LP 4000 -> 2750] Charming Thunder sat next to Rarity and the others as they watched the duel and he was surprised to see the move made by Pinkie.

"Danny is in trouble there," Charming Thunder said. "With the Goyo Guardian on the field, she will take every single monster she destroys."

"I end my turn with a card face down."

"That was a cheap shot, Pinkie!" Danny said. "My turn! I draw! I tribute my face down monster to summon Vampire Lord in attack position." A male humanoid vampire appeared on the field after he twirled his cape. [ATK 2000. LV 5]

"I reveal my face down; Toon Briefcase. Your monster gets shuffled back to your deck." A briefcase appeared and chomped its way towards the vampire.

"I was hoping you would do that. I reveal my counter trap card; Tutan Mask. Since you are targeting a Zombie type monster on my field, your trap card is negated." The briefcase stopped and exploded in front of the vampire.

"Shoot! That was a good card too."

"Next, I activate Brain Control from my hand. By paying 800 life points, I take control one of your monsters 'til the end of the turn. Or should I say my monster. Come forth, Vampire Lady." [Danny Eclipse: LP 2750 -> 1950] The vampire came to Danny's side of the field next to the other vampire. "Then I activate another spell; Book of Life. I target one of my Zombie type monsters in my graveyard and special summon it then I banish one of my monsters. I choose to banish my Vampire Lady in order to bring back my Pyramid Turtle in defense mode." A turtle took the vampire's place as she vanished in an instant. [DEF 1400. LV 4] "I then set a card face down and end my turn."

"It's my turn! Draw! Goyo Guardian, attack his turtle!" The guardian twirled his weapon and released it towards the turtle and reeled it to her side of the field.

"Since you destroyed my Pyramid Turtle before you claim it for yourself, its effect activates. I special summon a Zombie monster with 2000 defense points or less to the field. And I choose Vampire Lord!" A soul flew out of the turtle's shell and revealed another lord of vampires next to its twin. [ATK 2000. LV 5]

"Two Vampire Lords?" Charming Thunder said to himself. "What is he up to?"

"Very well then," Pinkie said. "I set two cards face down and end my turn."

"My turn! Draw!" Danny grinned and looked at Pinkie. "I summon my tuner monster; Dark Resonator." A dark fiendish monster holding a resonator appeared on the field. "But that's not all. I tune my Vampire Lord with my Dark Resonator. I call upon the Great Dark Being to bring the End! Synchro Summon! Bring the Darkest End, Dark End Dragon!" A black demonic looking dragon appeared as it spreads its wings with a roar. Pinkie wasn't even scared of the dragon when it appeared. "I activate its ability. I destroy one monster on your side of the field and it then loses 500 attack and defense points after that. I choose your Goyo Guardian." The dragon fired a dark fire breath at the warrior and destroyed it in the process. [ATK 2100. DEF 1600]

"No fair!"

"Dark End Dragon, attack the Pyramid Turtle!" The dragon charged up dark fire in its mouth and breathed it at the turtle. "And now Vampire Lord, attack her directly!" The vampire flew beside Pinkie and bit the side of her neck.

"Ah!" [Pinkie Pie: LP 3000 -> 1000]

"I end my turn."

"That almost felt real. My turn! Draw! I activate my face down trap card; Call of the Haunted. I special summon a monster from my graveyard as long as this card is in play. Come on back, Goyo Guardian!" A tombstone erupted from the ground and the guardian popped out of the ground. [ATK 2800. LV 6] "Next, I summon Mist Valley Soldier in attack mode!" A winged warrior holding two blades appeared on the field next to the guardian. [ATK 1700. LV 4] "And now I have a special treat for you! I tribute the two monsters on my field to special summon something you should be familiar with. I call on Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon!" A white cartoon dragon popped out of the toon book and landed in front of Pinkie. [ATK 3000. LV 8]

"A card similar to mine?" Charming Thunder said. "Thank Celestia I wasn't facing her. It would be evenly matched with my Blue-Eyes."

"I set a card and end my turn."

"You are lucky to have that monster on your field," Danny said. "My turn! Draw! I activate Pot of Avarice from my hand. This allows me to choose five monsters in my graveyard and shuffle them in my deck. Then, I draw two cards." Danny's deck shuffled on his duel disk and he drew two cards from it. He then grinned. "And I just drew the card I need to beat that Blue-Eyes."

"Whatever do you mean?"

"It means I banish my Vampire Lord to special summon something for you. With the dark gentleman's passing the contract is fulfilled. Now the shadows reform as one in the unholy room. Awaken now! Advance summon the Un-dead King, Vampire Genesis!" A black orb appeared and six claws grabbed it. The claws squeezed the orb and ripped it open to reveal a giant vampire monster with its eyes glowing red. [ATK 3000. LV 8]

"Uh-oh," Charming Thunder said. "Pinkie is in trouble."

"But your monster's attack points are equal to my monster's," Pinkie said; worried. "There's no way your vampire can stay on the field."

"That is why I am activating my face down quick play spell; Shrink. This halves the attack of your Blue-Eyes on the field, but there won't be an end of the turn for that this duel is over."

"Uh-oh!" The cartoon white dragon shrunk down to size until it was tiny. [ATK 1500]

"Now, attack and end this duel with Crimson Storm!" The giant vampire charged up an attack and fired a dark attack at the tiny dragon.

"GAAAAAAH!" [Pinkie Pie: LP 1000 -> 0] The crowd cheered as the duel ended.

"The winner is; Danny Eclipse!" Cadence announced. The crowd cheered louder as Pinkie giggled.

"That was fun, Danny! Thanks for the duel! Let's do this again sometime!"

"I'll take that under consideration, Pinkie," Danny said with a smile on his face.