> Studying (with) You
>  by PonyPlays2014
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The Last Day of School
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

 "Hearth's Warming Day, and therefore, our Hearth's Warming Dance is right around the corner and so are our first big exams! I'm sure you all will make us proud and prove to us, but most importantly to yourself, that you understand the Magic of Friendship. Miss Rarity, Miss Rainbow Dash, Miss Fluttershy, Miss Pinkie Pie, Miss Applejack, Guidance Counselor Starlight Glimmer and Secretary Spike will help you when there are questions. In case there are more complicated problems you can come to me but only if there is no other way. I wish you good luck and fun today! And study hard!"


With those words the weekly announcement from Principal Twilight Sparkle finds her end and the class finally starts. Today's first, and only, subject is Generosity. Rarity tells the entire class to wait for her so she can gather the materials she prepared for their study sessions. 

"I will be right back, okay Darlings?", she says before leaving the room and the second she closes the door the entire classroom breaks out in a mixture of groans. whispers and the sound of quills leaving their marks on paper.


The class consists of Sunflower, a light-yellow coated young pegasus-mare with two lime-green pigtails, Faint Breeze, a silver coated young earth-stallion with a short, black mane and tail, Hazel, a chocolate-brown coated young earth-mare with a lighter brown long mane and a short tail, Velvet, a lilac coated young unicorn-mare with beautiful blue locks, Sandbar, a pale lime-green coated young earth-stallion with a moderate cyan and brilliant arctic blue mane and tail, Smolder, a young female Dragon with orange scales, Yona, a brown furred female Yak, Silverstream, a, as her name already reveals, silver Hippogriff, Gallus, a male griffon with intense blue feathers and a pale-yellow undersite, and Ocellus, a shy female Changeling with a pale-turquoise coat.

"I can't believe how fast the last few months went by", Ocellus whispers to her five friends, who took their seats in the first two rows, "Finally I can prove how much I have learned here. Thorax will be so proud!"

While she is full of bliss the rest of them are unsure what to make of Twilight's announcement. Smolder and Gallus exchange a look and both shrug. Quickly after that Gallus continues to draw a few circles on his paper.

"Eh", the dragon contributes to their conversation, "I don't know why we have to write exams on 'Friendship'."

She uses her claws to put her last word in invisible quotation marks before continuing her opinion.

"I mean, isn't friendship something you just... know? What kind of questions do they even want to ask? 'What would you do if your friend ask for your help? A) Ignore him, B) Tell him you're busy or C) Agree to help him because you are a great friend!' Please..."

The other laugh but the hippogriff behind Gallus begins to think.

"Ohh! Ohh! A, no wait... B! No... C? D?"

As usual, Silverstream doesn't understand sarcasm and seriously tries her best to answer Smolder's fake question.

"There was no D Silverstream", Sandbar points out with a hearty laugh following his words.

"So... Is it D?", the hippogriff asks again and finally gets her answer from Gallus.

"Yeah, sure. It is whatever you want because a friend is always right. That's part of friendship, right? Right!"

He focuses the hippogriff behind him and glares at her for about a second before he turns his attention back to his paper. The other look at him and then at each others faces.

"Are you alright? You seem a little bit... grumpy today", Sandbar asks his buddy next to him but instead of an answer he gets a glance from the busy griffon.

"Gallus is mad?" Yona asks but again the blue male doesn't answer.

Before they could investigate more Rarity returns, levitates their tables, chairs and the students sitting on them around a big stage and hands out their papers with topics they need to know before their exam.


"Please take one from the pile and give the rest to your neighbor. We will talk about the individual topics briefly and then we will continue where we left of last time", the white unicorn explains while the stack of paper travels through the class.
She takes a quick look around to make sure everyone is provided with the information before she starts.
"We discussed how someone can show Generosity in daily life and which different forms of Generosity there is. We also took a few lessons to figure out what you should do when someone will or can not accept your generous help. The last topic we discussed was what happens when you are too generous with your friends. Then we changed our interest to fashion, your second subject, and I explained to all of you how to use a sewing machine and how to perform stitches on different fabrics. We will finish this today with the two remaining fabrics, velvet and chiffon. I will show you how it is done and then you can try it for yourself."


Time passes by as Rarity shows her students how to work with those very sensitive fabrics and as she hands out the sewing machines to her students.

"Alright everyone! Time for experiences!", the white-coated unicorn exclaims with excitement and the young males and females begin their work. 

Yona has some difficulties with placing the fabric but with Ocellus help she figured it out very fast. Velvet lost her ball of yarn while she was busy preparing her machine but luckily it rolled directly underneath Smolder's desk. She fetches it and gives it back to her before continuing with her own work. Everyone is eager to learn but Gallus seems to be the only one who isn't even trying to do anything.

"Stupid, stupid, stupid...", he mumbles before turning off his machine, which is hasn't used anyway, and just begins to read the pieces of paper Rarity gave them.

Sandbar already understands how it works so he offers his help to his classmates but no one needs him right now so he sits at his desk and observes the others. It doesn't take him long to notice Gallus and so, thinking that he might has a problem, he stands up and heads for his seat.

"Hey Gallus, can I help you with something? I know it's seems difficult but with a few little tricks I could-"

"No. I don't need your help. I can do it on my own.", the griffon quickly interrupts the stallion without even looking at him.

Gallus is known for his rough personality but somehow he sounded not like himself today. The change in his voice startles Sandbar and, with a worried expression on his face, he backs off and returns to his seat while keeping his eyes focused on the blue male.


The rest of the period went by and Miss Rarity ends the lesson with a big grin.

"I'm so proud of all of you and I'm sure you will do great in the exam. That's all for now so please use your time to repeat what I've taught you and I will see all of you in two weeks. I already wish you the best of luck."

"Thank you Miss Rarity", the class replies and everyone gets off their seats and leaves the room.

"Gallus? You coming?", Yona asks as she notices that the griffon is still at his desk looking at his papers.

"Go ahead. I will catch up with all of you", he answers, again, without even moving his eyes away from the information in front of him.

The yak turns around and leaves the room, leaving Gallus behind alone with his thoughts. A few seconds go by before a sigh fills the room. Gallus drops his head on the table in front of him and stays silent until a female voice asks him something.

"Gallus, Darling? Why are you still here? The others already left you know", the white unicorn asks her student but he just stands up and excuses himself before leaving the room and closing the door behind him.


He walks across the corridors before a well-known voice calls out for him

"Hey Gallus, I was wondering for how long you would sit in there", the pony says as he points his hoof to the door the griffon closed.

Sandbar was waiting for him next to a locker after Yona told them about what happened. The griffin just looks at him and continues his way towards the cafeteria to get a snack but his friend grabs him by the wing. The sudden pressure startles him and he stops his movement and glares at the pony.

"S-sorry but the group wants to meet in the garden behind the school. Do you want to come?", Sandbar asks him with a shaky voice but the griffon's glare turns into another sigh as he turns around and follows his friend to the garden.

Even before entering the garden Silverstream's voice finds it's way into their ears.

"Looks like they are waiting for us", the stallion jokes before opening the, with glass decorated, door and entering the beautiful garden.


The griffon follows him quickly and they make their way towards a group of four females, who are already waving at them. The garden is big and showcases a giant redwood, different kinds of colorful flowers and even a little river leading from the waterfall through the garden and around the school to pour into the lake in front of the school.

"They are here! They are here! I knew he could get him to come!", Silverstream celebrates as she spots the two males heading towards them, "Good job Sandbar! Hooray!"

The sudden praise causes the lime-green pony to blush as he sits down next to Silverstream and Gallus, who takes his place at the same time he does, to complete the circle they form.

"Alright! Now that we have some time... Let's talk about the exams", Ocellus suggests which, again, results in groans and much displeasure.

"Again?", the orange dragon complains, "What is there to talk about? You study, you write the exam and you either fail or pass. That's it! There is nothing more to it."

"Smolder smart. Exams sound easy", the yak agrees but Ocellus had something else in mind when she brought up the topic.

"No, I mean maybe we could help each other out. If someone has problems with a topic we could help and study together. That way studying can be fun and we can spend time together instead of alone", the Changeling explains and it looks like the idea clicks well with the other creatures.


"That's a great idea!", Sandbar applauds his friend and Silverstream flies a barrelroll in excitement while exclaiming how much she loves the idea.

"So, does anyone need help with something?", Ocellus asks and, after thinking about it for a while, Smolder raises her claw.

"I really, really don't get Ancient Equestrian History. Principal Twilight does her best but I can't remember anything. Also I think I could need some help with Miss Fluttershy's Kindness lessons. I just don't get it! if someone is sad why bother cheering him up? If he doesn't want to be happy why force him to be?"

"I could help you with Twilight's topics. I love history!", Ocellus offers her help and Silverstream combines that offer with her own.

"And I can help you with Kindness. I love her lessons. They are always so happy and, well, kind!"

A gentle smile appears on the dragon's face and she gratefully accepts her friends offer. Gallus, who is still silent looks at his dragon friend and sees how happy she is now that she found help.

If she can ask for help I can do it too... I think...

He lets out another sigh as he raises his claw, causing the hippogriff to gasp in surprise.

"Whaaaaaaaaat! What what what what wh-", she almost shouts before Sandbar's hoof covers her mouth to give Gallus the opportunity to speak.

"Since Smolder is ready to accept help I will ask for it too", the griffon explains himself, "I really need help with Miss Rarity's Generosity lessons. Would someone help me under-"

"I'll help you!", the stallion interrupts his friend abruptly and raises his hoof, "I am really good at it. I'm sure I can explain it to you in no time."

Gallus lowers his claw again and he forces a smile and thanks his friend for his support.

"Thanks... I guess?"

"Yona? Do you need help with anything?", Ocellus asks her but the cheerful yak shakes her head.

"No, Yaks are best at exams! Yak will pass."

Ocellus, Silverstream and Sandbar don't need help either so they can concentrate on their own students for now.

"Well, I think we got everyone covered", the Changeling declares with a joyful voice.

With those words the spontaneous meeting comes to an end. Yona makes her way back to her dorm and Ocellus, Smolder and Silverstream head for the cafeteria to eat something, leaving the two boys behind.


"So", Sandbar tries to start a conversation, "Do you want to come to my dorm in two hours or so? I need to get something from the market and run a few errands first."

"Sure, I guess", the griffon replies with a voice that is filled with an awkward feeling.

"Great! See you later then Gallus."

The lime-green stallion exits the garden through the door they entered it and Gallus flies his way to his dorms to relax until it's study-time.

Yeah..., he thinks to himself as he feels something aching in his stomach, great...
> A rough Start
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

One hour passes by as he lays on his bed and reads Miss Rarity's paper over and over again but he can't make heads or tails of it. No matter how often he repeats the words in his head, they won't make sense. He spends the last remaining hour to read a 'Griffon Rangers' comic book. The stories are bad but the drawings look very nice. In this issue the Griffon Rangers fight their arch enemy Darkwing, an evil griffon who wants to rule the world by stealing all treasures and money . Suddenly his alarm clock goes off.

"I guess I should get going", Gallus thinks to himself before getting of his bed and making his way to his door.

He hesitates but something inside of him forces him to open the door and leave his room. Luckily Sandbar's room isn't far but every step is harder and harder for him to complete. The thought of someone else, besides his teachers, teaching him because they are better than him strangles his throat and causes it to dry out. It only takes him two minutes to go down the stairs to the 1st floor of the dorm and to reach his friend's door.

"Okay", he whispers to himself, "You can do this. Stay cool and let him help you."

But before he even has the chance to knock on the door it swings open and the lime-green stallion stands in front of him and welcomes him with a smile.



"Right on time! Great. Come in, come in so we can get started", Sandbar says before stepping aside and letting his friend, who is visibly shocked, into his own paradise.

"How... did you know I was here?", the griffon asks as he follows the other male into the room.

Sandbar looks at him and smiles again as he explains, that he just felt like someone was at the door.
"Call it good intuition."

He offers the griffon to sit on his bed, which he accepts, while he fetches the papers and his index cards with his notes he took during class. In the meantime Gallus investigates the room, which he has never seen before. They usually don't hang around in each other's rooms. Their rooms aren't as different as he expected. This room's wallpaper is a pale red but his own one is pale yellow. The interior is very similar though.  It contains a wooden bed with white sheets, a desk with a chair, a clock on the wall, a nightstand next to the bed he is sitting on. a big closet and a small, wooden bookshelf with different books. He can read a few of the titles and it looks like there are schoolbooks, comic books and few novels.

"Daring... Do and the... Marked Thief of... Mera...Mare...Marapore?", he mumbles as he tries to read one of the novel's side-cover.

"Did you say something?", Sandbar, who still has his back turned towards him, asks. He must have heared him but couldn't understand him.

"Huh? Me?", Gallus asks startled, "No, no..."

He pauses and silence fills the room until he decides to start a real conversation.

"What is Daring Do?"

"Daring Do? She is the heroine of my favorite book series. She is an adventurer who solved puzzles, finds treasures, outwits the bad guys and saves entire cities. She is awesome!", Sandbar explains as he sits down on his chair to organize his notes on his desk, "I have every book A.K. Yearling ever wrote about Daring Do."

"Ah... Interesting", the griffon replies before silent returns to take over the room. 

Sandbar finishes organizing his notes and is ready to start their study session. He turns his chair around so he can face the griffon on his bed and asks him what topics cause him trouble. The griffon thinks but decides to stays silent.

I can't say everything! I would look like a complete idiot. But... that's exactly what I am when I'm confronted with Generosity, he thinks to himself as his body heats up and his eyes to move around in his sockets, not able to focus one thing. 

He is getting really nervous



"Well...", the pony interrupts the other male's thoughts, "How about we start with the basics. Okay, what is Generosity?"

Gallus tries to remember the specific definition Miss Rarity used but can't even remember a single word. When it comes to Generosity his brain just blacks out and ignores everything in class that is related to it.

"It... Is something when you do something because of... something?", he guesses, his voice clearly showing signs of doubt and insecurity.

The earth-pony stares at him with wide eyes, then checks the index card in his hoof and returns his eyes to the griffon.

"Erm...", he stutters, "That was... close. But maybe a little bit more specific?"

"Generosity is... is... something when you do something for someone else because of something?", Gallus tries to improve his former statement but it still sounds like something a filly would say a few weeks after learning to speak.

"Better... But I think we can go a bit more specific?", Sandbar suggests but the male across from him does not look like he wants to try that again.


"Or we could take on something else!"

He swaps his index card with a different one and reads the question on it, "Name three examples for showing Generosity. That's simple so I'm sure you can do it."

But again Gallus can't remember anything from class so he tries his best to think of examples he experienced.

"Taking something from someone who doesn't need it. Refrain from telling someone your negative thoughts about them. And giving someone something because it doesn't work anymore?"

Again he totally misses the point of the question and Sandbar again tries to make the best of his answers.

"I don't think that the first thing is really generous and the second one should be obvious and expected from someone. The third one is the closets to be Generosity... Not yet there but at least closer", he explains before taking a look at his card and reading his own answers.

"Examples would've been: Lending someone money because he wants to buy something. Give something you really like to your friend who needs it more. And offer your help when your friend is in need."

"What?", the griffon raises his voice as he hears the correct answers, "That's just stupid! Why should I give someone money? I need my own money. And if someone wants my help he should pay for it, that's how it works! Why does being generous mean being a pushover?"

He just doesn't get what's so great about Generosity. it sounds like a lot of work and a big burden for no reward at all. But his opinion does not come across positive because Sandbar seems to be a bit upset.



"Just because you show Generosity doesn't mean that you become a pushover! And you don't do it because you want a reward but because you want to help someone who needs you right now. I mean, look at us. I'm helping you without demanding anything and you need me to-"

"I don't need you!", Gallus suddenly yells as he raises to the air and spreads his wings, his face showing pure fury.

"I don't need anyone! I can pass the exam on my own. Griffons are smart and awesome after all and we don't need help from gullible ponies who think the world is all rainbows and sunshine!"

He whizzes to the door, opens it and slams it shut before making his way back to his own room.

Who does he even think he is? Treating me like I'm too stupid to understand his sarcasm, his enraged mind complains about his so-called friend.

Gallus reaches and enters his room, wasting no time landing on his bed and punching his pillow as hard as he can.

"You do it because you want to help your friends", he imitates Sandbar's voice, but way more high-pitched, as he finishes his assault on his pillow and the energy leaves his body, causing him to collapse on his soft bed.

"Stupid Jerk...", are the last words that leave his beak before he falls asleep, drained from every little bit of energy.

The stallion, who is still sitting on his chair in his room, places the index card back on the table and begins to read them again and again.

"I don't know what to do...", he mumbles as he starts over with his first card and repeats it's content in his head.
