//------------------------------//
// The Tournament Participants 
// Story: Yu-Gi-Oh! Friendship is Magic 
// by sonicdash123 
//------------------------------//

The next morning finally came as ponies were in the party room to partake in the announcement of the participants for the tournament. Charming Thunder stood at the punch stand while he waited for Twilight. She and her friends arrived to meet Charming Thunder as he approached Twilight and the others. "So these must be your friends I always hear about," he said.

"Indeed they are," Twilight said. "Let me introduce you to them." She then pointed at her friends one by one. "This is Applejack."

"Howdy, partner," Applejack greeted.

"Rarity."

"Hello, darling," Rarity said as she fixed her mane.

"Rainbow Dash."

"Aww yeah!" Rainbow said. "It is a pleasure to meet you."

"Pinkie Pie."

"Hey there!" Pinkie said.

"And Fluttershy."

"Oh um...hello," Fluttershy said; nervously. Charming Thunder smiled and nodded.

"They helped me stop many foes. Including Nightmare Moon."

"I'm impressed," Charming Thunder said. Rainbow then approached him.

"You don't happen to know Danny, don't you?"

"I do as a matter of fact. Why?"

"He's my boyfriend. I heard that he is here too."

"I saw him talking to his mother and my aunt; Luna over there next to the stage." Charming Thunder then pointed to where Danny is for Rainbow. She then flew away in a hurry to that direction as Charming Thunder followed. "Excuse me, Twilight." Twilight nodded as Charming Thunder continued to follow Rainbow.

"He is a nice friend to have, Twilight," Fluttershy said.

"And handsome if I do say so," Rarity added. Danny was talking to Luna about something important when Rainbow came and gave him a tight hug.

"Danny!!!" Rainbow said as Danny hugged back.

"Rainbow, how are you?" Danny said. "I missed you!"

"I missed you too. I am fine, my love." Rainbow then kissed Danny's cheek as Charming Thunder arrived. 

When Charming Thunder was about to say something, Scootaloo arrived and said, "Rainbow! I've brought my deck with me to show you."

"Hey, Scoots. I was just talking to my boyfriend here. Can it wait?" The three princesses took the stage as Cadence stood in front of the two.

"Mares and gentlecolts, may I have your attention please?" Cadence said as the crowd took their seats at their tables. Charming Thunder and Danny only stood at the side of the stage only to listen. "It is time to announce the contenders for the upcoming tournament. The winner will be crowned King or Queen of Games. And now for the participants. When I call your name, please come up to the stage." A raffle drum rolled up next to Cadence as she used her magic to spin it. When it stopped spinning, she levitated out a piece of paper with a name on it. "Our first contender is; Rainbow Dash."

"Aww yeah!" Rainbow said as she flew to the stage. The raffle drum spins again and Cadence pulled out the next name.

"Charming Thunder." Charming Thunder walked up the stairs to the stage and stood next to Rainbow. The drum spins again and Cadence pulled out the next one. "Pinkie Pie."

"Sweet," Pinkie said. "I'm in the tournament." Pinkie bounced her way to the stage and stood next to Charming Thunder. The drum once again spins and Cadence pulled out the next name.

"Danny Eclipse." Danny Eclipse walked up the stairs to the stage and stood next to Pinkie as the drum spins again and Cadence pulls out another name. "Scootaloo."

"Really?" Scootaloo asked herself; excited.

"Go Scootaloo!!!" Sweetie Belle and Applebloom said in unison as Scootaloo walked up the stairs to the stage and stands next Danny. The next name was then pulled.

"Shining Armor," Cadence announced. Shining Armor approached the stage and stood next to Scootaloo as the next name was being pulled. "And finally; Twilight Sparkle." Twilight stood up from her seat and slowly walked up to the stage and stood next to her brother. That's it. These seven will compete in the fight for the title." The crowd applauded for the competitors as they left the stage to continue their festivities. Charming Thunder stepped outside for a brief moment while Danny followed.





Charming Thunder paced around in the throne room nervously until Danny entered the room. "I just can't believe that my childhood friend is participating," he said.

"It's nothing to get nervous about," Danny reassured.

"I'm not that nervous. Not to mention that you are participating as well. We dueled many times. I have never beaten you before."

"Well this is your chance."

"What do you mean?"

"If one of us reaches the top, one of us will become the firs King of Games."

"You're right, Danny. Thanks for the encouragement."

"It's my pleasure." Rainbow suddenly entered the room.

"Am I interrupting?" Rainbow asked as she approached Danny.

"No. We were just talking about the tournament."

"Oh. I just can't believe that I made it into the tournament. I heard that tomorrow is the first round."

"Who's in the first round?" Charming Thunder asked.

"You and Scootaloo, Charming." Charming Thunder was surprised to hear who he will be facing in the first round. "Then, Danny will be taking on Pinkie Pie. And I will be taking on Twilight."

"What of Shining Armor?" Danny asked.

"He will take on either me or Twilight."

"Interesting," Charming Thunder said. "I am amazed to hear that."

"I will be aiming for the top with my Blackwings."

"Hopefully my Blue-Eyes White Dragons can survive this tournament 'til the very end."

"As for my Vampire Genesis," Danny added.

"To the end then?" Rainbow asked.

"To the end," Charming Thunder agreed.

"To the end," Danny said. They both shook hooves one by one and decided to go back to the party.





Charming Thunder and Twilight together to the room where Twilight is staying while they talked and laughed. "You had many adventures during your stay in Ponyville," Charming Thunder said. "I mean who would've known that Changelings had a good side by learning to share love. I am very proud of Starlight. Speaking of Starlight, why wasn't she here? You did say that she was with you and your friends, right?"

"Ah, yes," Twilight said. "She was with her friend Sunburst during the party."

"Ah. I have heard of him. He helped you defeat the Pony of Shadows and bring back the legendary Starswirl the Bearded."

"You are right. Celestia may have told you a lot of things since I was away from Canterlot. Although, many times I never see you whenever I visit." Twilight nervously chuckled as the two arrived at the room. "Well it was fun while at lasted. I better get some shut eye." Charming Thunder placed a hoof on Twilight's and lifted it up then kissed it.

"Good night, princess." Charming Thunder then took his leave after Twilight entered her room to get some sleep as well.