//------------------------------//
// Rebirth Of A Hero - Awaken, Kamen Rider Alchemy 
// Story: Kamen Rider Alchemy 
// by Layton13 
//------------------------------//

It was early spring, the sun shining down onto the surroundinghilltops, birds singing and the wind gently blowing by. On a road leading to the outskirts of a city, a man clad in a black leather jacket, a helmet in the same color, a backpack and jeans, on his maroon motorcycle rides everclosure to its border.

“Good Morning Canterlot City to another wonderful day in this lovely place we call home. I’m Open Mike and I’m your host for the time being. The weather has graced us with pleasant temperatures and a clear sky, so the perfect day to go to the beach and enjoy the first waves of the year, who knows when you have the chance again. Sadly not everyone can just go out there and experience the relaxing embrace of the sunlight. So for those of you, like me, that still have to work, here is a local song that surely will cheer you up, the song “Dance Magic” from the Crystal Rainbooms, enjoy.” The radio in his helmet began picking up the local radio station and started to play a rather catchy song.

As he came closer to the outskirts of the town he moved past a residential area with small, but rather comfortable, looking houses. The area gave off a welcoming atmosphere and seemed pleasant enough.

Driving further a Highschool came into view, it was a huge building drenched in purple with a brown-red roof and several golden horse-head-ornaments placed at each corner of the building. A round glass dome toward over the school with an actual tower on top of it. In the courtyard a grey pedestal could be seen, strangely empty, that was encircled by a path that leads straight to the front entrance and with that to three glass double doors. To the right of the statue a massive golden horseshoe with an equally golden C in it, probably meaning Canerlot, could be seen. The courtyard was not abandoned, some students could be seen going about there normal lives, apparently, they had a break and used their short amount of free time to enjoy the sunlight before having to go back to there respective classes.

Two girls, one with a spring green complexion, cyan hair with a streak of white in it and pink top and light blue shorts, the other having a washed out yellow skin, cobalt, and pink hair, as well as wearing a white dress with two blue and a yellow stripe on it, are lying next to each other, eyes closed and apparently enjoying the soft breeze and the sun shining down on them.

On the grass next to them, two boys, one wearing a red t-shirt and a sleeveless brown jacket over it, orange skin and green hair hidden under a grey cap and the other wearing a yellow sweater with green collar, he wore black glasses and had purple skin with grey hair, were playing football. The one with the glasses aiming the ball at his friend, double checking if he aimed correctly and the …

Threw the ball in the complete other direction nearly hitting a blue haired boy with yellow-orange skin in a black jacket, that mear moments ago was playing his guitar, now was looking somewhat perplexed at the pair. The green haired boy started to rub the bag off his head and started to look in another direction while the other boy winked cowardly at the “attacked” student while trying to imitate a turtle and unsuccessfully attempted to hide his head in his body. But the boy with the guitar simply smiled and continued to play.

And last seven girls sitting before the podium, talking and laughing with each other. One with pink hair and a lighter skin tone, another one with light blue complexion and rainbow hair sitting on the right of the podium. The girl with the orange skin and blond hair was biting of an apple and covering one to the timid yellow girl with the pink hair. Another one of the girls, the one with the white complexion and purple hair meanwhile was talking to the girl with the glasses, purple skin and even purpler hair with streaks of a lighter shade of purple and rose hair between it. A girl with red and yellow hair and amber skin was sitting in the middle of them and was writing into a book with a big smile on her lips.

As he moved past the school he could feel a relaxing and happy atmosphere coming from it, it seemed to be a nice place, for school-standards at least.

After the school had passed the area changed from a residential district to a street with shops and restaurants on either side. He was sure he was getting closer to his destination.

A few turns later he had stopped before a restaurant, named the “Magnum Opus Pizzeria” in bright red letters with a golden outline and a black background. The pizzeria had a glass door with big windows to each side of it. The walls were made of sandstone bricks and so had the color of sand. Under the nameplate of the restaurant, the slogan could be read: “Magnum Opus Pizzeria, we make your wildest dreams come true!”. A small blackboard stood right next to the door and someone had written: ” Create your dream combo, combine all our ingredients and create your Magnum Opus!”, under the sentence, a rather long list of different fruits, mushrooms, meat and other ingredients were listed.

“Well, here it is. It can’t be too bad, can it?” he muttered to himself under his helmet and parked his bike. After turning off his radio and removing his helmet and opening his jacket, so the heat would not be too unbearable, more of his features were revealed. His short bright red hair with an orange streak in the middle was now visible and was accented well with his light orange skin. Under the jacket, a red t-shirt with a red and orange feather could now be seen. After stretching himself after the long rider with his bike he approached the door of the “Magnum Opus”.

The door opened, with the ring of a bell, and he stepped inside. The inside of the pizzeria was somewhat compressed, twelve wooden tables with four equally wooden chairs each were arranged so they were all spread out in the room but space was undoubtedly sparse. Still, it had its own charm. From the ceiling bay leaves and garlic-tubers were hanging on strings, probably to give the restaurant a mystical atmosphere. A flatscreen-TV was hung on the wall left from the entrance over the heads of the customers. The sandstone-like bricks that were visible outside were also used inside and gave the restaurant an rustic feeling. Surprisingly the restaurant was relatively well visited, no seat was left empty and everyone seemed to enjoy their pizzas.

A young woman, dressed in a blue t-shirt and a brown apron with the “Magnum Opus”-logo on it started to move towards him. Her electric blue hair was bound in a ponytail and mixed well with her bright yellow skin. She was leaning against a wall and didn't seem to be thrilled about the new visitor until she put on a smile and moved towards the newcomer.

“Good morning sir, do you have a reservation, if not we currently have no free tables, I’m really sorry.”

“Oh, no, I’m not here to eat. I’m looking for the owner, Thunder Cloud, I have something to discuss with him, so if you would be so friendly and bring me to him, I would greatly appreciate it.” The man replied to the waitress, all while sporting a smug smile.

“Thunder? He’s busy and didn’t tell me that someone wanted to talk to him, so would you please be so friendly and lea...”

“Phoenix! I knew I heard your voice.” A man with yellow skin and black hair had stepped out of the door to the kitchen. Over his grey t-shirt, he wore the same brown apron as the waitress, just covered in flour. His arms were extended outwards like he was presenting himself on a stage. Some of the customers had begun shifting their attention towards the man with a look of bewilderment on there faces. Strangely most of them didn’t even bother to look at the cook, just smiling at each other and some snickering. Apparently, this was normal here, which didn’t surprise Phoenix a single bit, he knew the man, Thunder Cloud, and acting this way was just normal for him.

Then he rushed towards him and began crushing him in a tight bearhug. “It’s so good to see you got here without any incidents, you know since that isn’t always sure with you.” Thunder basically shouted this next to Phoenix’s ear, all while steadily increasing the intensity of his hug.

Phoenix was first overwhelmed by his brother, but that wasn’t anything out of the usual, this quickly shifted into happiness to see his little brother and turned into frantically trying to get lose from him because he was feeling the air being hugged out of him. “Thunder. Thunder! Please … air … need … it … now.” Was all Phoenix could croak out.

“Air? Air! Ups, sorry I was lost in the moment, but it feels so good to see you again.” The cook released his brother, how in turn began gasping for air. “So we probably should continue this conversation somewhere else, or the people will start looking.” The waitress just leads her head fall into one of her hands and began to shake it, apparently unable to believe the obliviousness of her boss. Phoenix just gave him a simple smile and nodded while trying to get the flour, that was still sticking to him, off.

“Summer you take over for a short while, I’m busy.”

“Wait, wait, what? Take over? The restaurant is brimming and you want to hold a family reunion and leave the inexperiencedwaitress to do everything on her own?” She stammered trying to process what she just heard.

“Yes! I’m sure you can handle it and besides its only going to be twenty minutes tops, so just wing it till I’m back. And don’t forget, the show must go on!” And with that, he dragged Phoenix with him towards the kitchen door, but not before bowing to his customers and proclaiming: “I will be back soon, so long I will leave you in the capable hands of Summer Breeze, if any problem occurs she will be happy to help out in any way possible.”

Apparently, Summer had finally realized what had just happened and looked like she had just been instructed to kill an ancient demon that wanted to destroy the world. She didn’t seem happy, but Phoenix couldn’t make out more because he was dragged into the kitchen, a relatively small room with a workplace on the entrance side of the room and a pizza oven with other electronic devices to prepare food on the opposite side of the room, next to a door that apparently leads outside into a backstreet. He was the lead up the stairs that were located on right and lead to the first floor and into a living room.

The room was equivalent to the restaurant-area in size and was outfitted with a red couch, armchair and a small table, all of them facing a TV. On the other side of the room, a wall with books sorted into bookshelves could be seen. Paintings of pizza and other food were hanging on the walls, Thunder apparently had made his job something he treasured in his private life as well. A ding table with four sets was placed in the corner next to the stairs, empty save a flower in a green vase.

After taking place on the couch, Thunder claiming the armchair, they continued their conversation: ”You seem to do just fine here Thunder, the restaurant is stuffed with people. Colore me impressed. By the way, since I can now breathe properly, it is also a pleasure to see you, even if the trip was not at all my decision.”

“Oh come on, are you still sour about grandpas decision? You know very well that this the biggest chance to complete a disc in years, if not centuries, you can’t blame him, he has sworn to fulfill our family legacy. And look at the bright side, the old geezer can’t bug you here as much as he did back home. This will be quite refreshing and relax for you and I know how much you like that.” The black-haired man replied to his brother while leaning back and starting to smile.

“Oh yeah, I replaced the old geezer for his loyal lapdog, I’m sure in heaven.” The biker jokingly returned. One skeptical look from Thunder was all Phoenix needed to paddle back. “I’m joking, man, you should know that. It is nice to see you again after three years. So how many hearts have you captured with your pizzas? How many taste buts have you conquered and how many magnum opuses created?”

“Oh, what interesting question, I have spread my art through the city and have captured the hearts of many with my mouth watering treats of delinquent flavors. I have fought the crime against art that is fast food and have shown time and time again that the old and refined skills of a craftsman are superior in any way then the hacks that make these, atrocities to cooking, obviously not talking about those burger-artists. I have created a safe haven for true food, one that in times like these is increasingly difficult to find and preserve. And my lovely customers are the reward I receive, I could not be happier.” In the middle of his little rant about the “true art of cooking” he had stood up, raising one arm towards the sky, more so the ceiling, as if imitating a play. His brother just smiling at him.

“I’m glad some things never change, god have I missed your antics. By the way congratulation on your restaurant, seems to be popular with all those customers down there.”

“Thank you, but it is no surprise since I’m the cook.” Phoenix just snickered at the words of Thunder. “On a more serious note, I hope you are aware that you will not just lounge at my expenses. You will pull your weight around here and I’m sure Summer will appreciate a new helper.”

“Well, there goes one of my dreams, still not surprising. I just know you too well, ok I will be your waiter, but don’t expect your level of enthusiasm, little brother.” The older one answered, with some level of annoyance in his voice.

“Good and I thought this would involve arguing, fighting, bribing and then me winning.”

“Hey we can still do the bribing, it is always appreciated.” Said the Phoenix with a mischievous smile on his face.“

“Nice try, maybe I make a pizza as a welcome present or I could sing.”

“No, please have mercy, everything but please never sing, ever, please!” A look of utter terror and dreed was visible on Phoenix face, Thunder just started to laugh.

After brushing a tear away, that had formed thanks to his laughter, he continued: ”It feels so good to joke around with you after such a long time, but still, I think we should get to business. Do you have it with you? No problems, no complications?”

“I knew this was coming, yes I have the stupid driver in my backpack,” Pointing at the backpack he had dumped right next to himself on the couch. “as well as the discs, all intact and unharmed. What were you expecting, me dumping them on the road and just leaving? I don’t care for these things, but I’m not dumb enough to do that, even if they are only useful as a paperweight.” With that, he opened the bag and threw six white discs and a square metallic object towards his brother, who frantically managed to catch all of them. The square object resembled somewhat a belt buckle, just with a five-centimeter pol sticking out of the middle, on each side was a crescent moon shaped elevation surrounding the rod.

“Are you insane! Do you know what could have happened if I didn’t catch them, they could have been damaged? Do you really not care about family heirlooms that have been passed down for centuries, the most important things our family possesses. Can’t you just show a little bit of respect, you are the guardian, it is your duty, treat the driver and the discs with the respect they deserve.” His brother began to belittle him.

“Sorry, but look, they are fine, no damage, nothing, I’m careful.” While Phoenix was talking Thunder examined the driver and the six discs thoroughly. “And don’t come me with the family legacy box again, we have had them for six hundred years and still have not recreated one of the discs. I will not complete one and in the next hundred years, no one will. This world just lacks the magic to charge them even if you claim this town has shown an affinity for magic, the chance of another phenomenon appearing here that is actually usable are minuscule. Can’t we just leave the stuff in a save and forget about it?”

“No, we can not, especially not in Canterlot City, a place which in the past year had four magical anomalies occur. The first at one of the local Highschool, CHS, during there Fall Formal a beam of rainbow light was seen rising up from the school and was documented, that was the time gramps send me here to look for magical activity. The second incident, again at CHS, had something to do with there “Battle of the Bands”, a competition between, well bands, ended rather different then they had expected, three ethereal horse-fish-hybrid-things were seen in the sky, multiple other magical constructs were flown around and a giant etherial alicorn could be seen kilometers away, I’m quite sure this was equestrian in origin. I was just crossing by on the street and I saw it with my own eyes. And with the third anomaly, again at CHS, reality itself had been pulled apart and rifts opened to a world with ponies, I assume Equestria. Some students managed to take some pictures of what happened and it was thoroughly discussed in the entire city. And the last incident, surprisingly not at CHS but at the local mall, was when a girl turned into a three-meter big woman and scaring everyone there, saw it myself, disrupted my shopping day. You have a high chance of running into a magical incident, so please take this seriously.”

“Ok, ok you are right, maybe I can actually get a magic disc finished, that would annoy gramps so much, I can already see it in my head.” Phoenix gave in, taking back the Alchemie Driver and the five partially filled magic discs. Thunder still eyed the last disc, a spare one if any other was ever damaged.

“Oh yes he would be, the slacker finishes the first disc while he traveled the globe and didn’t find a single anomaly, I would pay for that.” Thunder smilingly replied. “But anyhow, that something like that happens soon is rather unlikely, so don’t sweat it and as long as nothing happens we can have some fun. Do you want to ride around with our bikes this weekend? I need an excuse to use it more often.”

“Sure, it's not like I know anyone around here so I have nothing planned. And I will always take an opportunity to lead you to eat dust.”

“Oh, it! Is! On! you are going down.” Apparently, he had sparked the competitive side of his brother, well at least it would be an interesting weekend, still, he had to survive the week first and that meant working, not his favorite thing to do.


>-------<A>-------<




Well, Thunder didn’t wast any time and send him straight to work, typical for him. He had discarded his jacket upstairs with his backpack and its content. Thunder had introduced him to Summer Breeze, the waitress that had claimed that Thunder was busy, as Phoenix Feather, his brother.

She had given him the task to take up the customers orders while she helped Thunder in the kitchen. At first, he had some problems remembering what tables had what number but after she explained that table with the number one was on the right of the entrance and every following number was counting upwards, set up like a clock, he improved massively. He had to give Thunder credit that was a clever system, his brother, how much he loved the limelight, was smart and more organized then he ever was. He could make decisions on the spur of the moment, which helped him in sports, but was completely lost when it came to planning or decisions with long-term consequences.

Several hours had past caring for the customers and morning had shifted into the early afternoon. He had just served a salami-pepperoni-ananas-pizza too table number eight and returned to the kitchen. Apparently, Summer had waited for him on the other side of the door because he wasn't even properly troughed the door as she already had started talking.

“So you are the big brother of the boss? He sometimes spoke of you, you are supposed to be a real slacker.“

“Great, my brother apparently only talks about my best parts, did he also tell you about my unbelievable good looks, my stellar personality or my unrivaled humor?” She just stared at him with a skeptical look. “Well in regards to the rest of my family at least, it is all a matter of perspective really.”

“No, but he talked about the pranks you pulled on your grandfather and to be quite honest they do sound kind of fun.”

“Oh, so he did talk about my good parts, I knew it.” Phoenix triumphantly exclaimed.

“And about the punishments, you received afterward, the one where you had to scrub the entire basement with a toothbrush was my favorite.”

With this Phoenix deflated visibly, all the confidence he had mere moments ago gone. “Of course he did, that is so up his ally. But you will see, revenge will be mine!” And with that the confidence that had disappeared for only a few seconds was back again, apparently, nothing could keep the guy down.

“I can definitely see that you are his brother. You two are very much alike. Question is if I can endure two of you, or if I will go insane and join you.” She jokingly replied, while curling her lips into a blissful smile.

“Oh I take that as a challenge, how long do you think till I break you?”

“If you are half as bad as Thunder, a month, tops. But I will not make it easy for you, you have to work for that. On that note, you are not completely awful, which is actually more then I expected. Regardless you are still at the beginning and have much to learn till you become as good as a waiter as I. So always listen to me and do what I tell you and you will be a master in serving in no time.”

The new waiter just skeptically stared at her, arms crossed in front of him. “Oh, now I get what you are trying to do. Do you want an underling that you can boss around and load your work on, don’t you? You are as lazy, if not more so than I’m.”

“No, no, no. I’m just trying to be nice, you know, the bond between coworkers and so?” Phoenix just chuckled. “You are not buying it, are you? Fine I tried to use you as a way to work less, satisfied? As if wouldn’t have done the same.”

“I knew it! I definitely recognize a slacker when I see one and you have it written all over you. I think I will enjoy working with you if only to drive Thunder insane.” A mischievous smile had formed on the face of Phoenix.

“As fun as that sounds, I think I have to go back out there and” she shuddered for a second, “go back to work. God, I can’t believe I have to play the role model.”

And with this, she moved towards the door, but before she could open it Thunder came storming in, nearly knocking her off her feet.

“Hey! Watch out, you usually are not that careless, what if I had someones food with me!”

Thunder just ignored her and closed in on his brother, grabbing him by the collar of his t-shirt and dragging him in the direction of the stairs.

“Thunder? What are you doing? I can walk just fine you don’t have to drag me along like a dog!” But his complaints fell on deaf ears as he was pulled up the stairs without a word from his brother.

“Hey, don’t leave me alone again, the first time was already hell. Fine, but you owe me.” She shouted up the stairs.


>-------<A>-------<




After dragging his older brother up to the first floor he leads go of him and moved towards the TV.

“So what do you want? Did I do something wrong?” Awaiting a response from his brother he stopped questioning him for a few moments, but still, nothing came in return. “Oh come on, talk to me! I don’t know what I did wrong if you don’t tell me. That is unbecoming of you to leave me in the dark. Usually, you let something I did wrong never go, so why the silence? Did something happen?” The last question sounded somewhat afraid, but still no response.

Then Thunder turned on the TV and simply said: “Look!”

The screen showed a view from, apparently, a helicopter hovering over a small paved piazza with a water fountain in the middle of the area. But the place was not the important part, what was standing on it was. A monster, drenched in a fiery orange was laughing maniacally and troughing fireballs at everything that didn’t get out of way fast enough. The beast measured roughly about two and a half meters and was towering over everyone trying to run away from it. The claws that it had on its feed were shining an energetic yellow and digging into the pavement. The legs were extremely muscular and could probably even dent steal. A lump yellow-orange fur was visible on the monster's chest, which in turn only made it look even more intimidating. On its arms, small wristbands could be seen, both of which helped crimson gems with ethereal flames extending off of them. It had the head of a lion if the mane would have been replaced with actual fire. Its mouth was equipped with vicious fangs that could tear a human in half. The entire horror was completed with a small heading, again with a crimson gemstone embedded within it, that glowed with a fierce red energy.

“I’m Wide Lens your trusty reporter from CCTV and we are not afraid to show you the truth, even in situations like this. Out of nothing this … this monster has appeared in the middle of our beloved city out of nowhere. We currently have no information on what it is and how it appeared here but seeing this beast with my own eyes I can assure you it does not come in peace. In the last five minutes, it has rampaged from a small park to this piazza and left a path of destruction behind. Something like this has our city never seen before. If it continues its current path the Change Industries headquarters will suffer horrific damage, not forgetting the possibility of human casualties if this thing is not stopped.” 

The reporter continued on only for Thunder to mute the program.

“What… what was that? I have never seen something like this before.” Completely shocked by what he had just witnessed, Phoenix was trying to regain his composure.

“I have no idea, in my time in this city I have only once seen something similar and that was the three-meter woman in the shopping center, but she didn’t look anything like this, this looks way more malicious and dangerous. But one thing I’m sure of is that it is magical in origin, I would bet the “Magnum Opus” on it.”

“Magical? No, nononono! Absolutely not, are you insane? I’m not doing it!” Apparently, Phoenix had picked up on what his brother was suggesting.

“You have to, it's your duty as the keeper to look for magical anomalies and drain them of their magic.”

“I know, but I didn’t sign up for fighting monsters, how am I supposed to do anything about that thing, I’m toast before I can even get close to it. I’m not suicidal.”

“You have the discs and if you would have actually paid attention when gramps explained the mechanics of them to you, you would know that they can absorb magical energy. It doesn’t matter in which form, attack or artifact, they can suck in all magic.”

“Oh, I listened and I remember that the only one that attempted to absorb an attack was electrocuted to death. If you are so insistent to go take it, be my guest and through your life away for such a foolish legacy.” He now began to shout.

Thunder remained calm and continued: “You are the guardian, you have sworn to protect and recreate the discs. You know secrets to them I was never told, I’m your assistant, you, however, have the responsibility and knowledge to carry the history of our family. Right now you are the only hope the people that are currently in danger have if you sit here and cower in fear there blood is on your hands. So are you man enough to do your part, as guardian of our family legacy or for the people that need your help, or are you the failure grandfather always saw you as, because I think I know what you are.”

Clinching his fist together he exclaimed: “Dammit! You are right, I hate it when you are right! I can’t let these people take the fall for my cowardliness, even if this plan is downright stupid, I just couldn’t live with me anymore. Why do you know me so well? That’s unfair.”

His brother just chuckled: “I knew you would do the right thing.”

Picking up the Alchemie Driver, the six magic discs, helmet and his leather jacket he began to rush to his bike, only to hear the voice of his brother before he could sprint down the stairs. “But promise me one thing, come back alive because if you die because I pressured you into this, I couldn't live with myself.”

“Sure thing!” With that, he continued his dash towards his bike, on the way rushing past Summer.

“Where are you going? Your shift isn’t over! Hey, I’m talking to you!” She shouted after him.

“Getting something, see you later, bye!” And with that, he was gone.

“These two are maddening, is it that hard to stop and explain something and worst of all I’m still alone?”

Moments later Phoenix had put his helmet back on and was sitting on his bike only to realize: ”Wait, I didn’t ask where the monster was. Dammit, I’m an idiot. Wasn’t it headed for some companies headquarters? Right, Change Industries. So the question is where is it… I didn’t think this through, did I?” While he was thinking his eyes caught a white skyscraper in the distance, with the insignias Ch. Ind. in black letters written on the front of it and not far from the tower a small amount of smoke could be seen. That had to be it, without wasting any time the engine sprang to life and he began to drive where he suspected the monster.


>-------<A>-------<


Close to the Change Industries headquarters, people were running away in terror and who could blame them, the monster hadn’t stopped and still was throwing fireballs around like in a snowball fight. It had moved away from the piazza and now stood two streets away from its apparent goal. The buildings behind him had already caught fire, illuminating the monster as it stepped closer towards some cowering people, all while cackling maniacally. “Run, run to your masters, little slaves of this oppressive system. But I, I have been granted the power to live free of its limitations. I’m Napalm and I have cast off the shackles of captivity and have become something beyond you puny humans. I’m a god that no one can challenge!”

As he approached the helpless civilians he suddenly felt that something had hit him. Shortly after the impact several metallic objects fell to the ground and bounced off of it. As he shifted his look to where the projectiles had come from he could see three policemen standing there, shaking and pointing their guns at him. He twisted his head as if trying to figure out what to to do with them, then he began to laugh, which shook everyone present to the bone. “How cute, the lapdogs of the slavers have decided to protect the monsters that keep them down. I know your type, you look down on us, but newsflash I’m not part of the ‘us’ anymore. I have risen above all the rest and can now do how I damn well please. You can’t stop me! no one can stop me! I will be the god of this world! Now catch!”

With that, the monster throws a fireball, he had created in his paw, towards them, only barely missing them and hitting there police car behind them, which immediately exploded throwing the man on the ground in pain. Unable to stand up the Napalm eyed them with sadistic glee in his eyes and began again: “Pathetic, I at least expected a little more but that was just laughable. There is truly nothing that could harm me. But enough of the this, time to end your miserable existences!” The police officers still unable to move do to there injuries staring desperately at the beats as it slowly stepped ever closer towards them, dragging out the inevitable. As he was one meter away from them and begin to form another fireball in his paw he suddenly heard something from his left.

“Hey, hothead, are you truly so pathetic that you have to attack people that are already down, or are you just afraid someone that could actually fight back will put you out? Seems to me like you are nothing more than a fire-chicken you pathetic dandelion.” A man with orange skin and red hair was shouting at the monster and waving his arms in the air to attract the beast, while slowly backing into a backstreet.

Napalm growling in annoyance and started to move in the man's direction, already having forgotten about the three policemen. “How dare you mock me. If one of us is pathetic then it is you. I will rost you like a chicken, so you can see what happens when you try to define your superiors. Die” And with that, he threw another fireball at Phoenix, who managed to dodge it in the last second.

“Why did I think this was a good idea again?” Now he was moving even faster into the backstreet while taking a white magic disc with the words “fire” on it out of his jacket. All this while still mocking Napalm: “That was all? Please, I could dodge these for days and wouldn’t get tired, you really have to step up your game to kill me, or are you truly this pathetic. You and my superior? Not in a thousand years!”

His words enraging the fire monster finally enough to stop in his tracks and gather energy in his three gemstones. “You! You will be the example of what happens when someone dares to insult me!” And with that he crossed his arms over his bracelets and unleashed a beam of fire magic that shoots directly at Phoenix, melting or igniting everything in close proximity to it. He was just able to hold the magic disc in front of him before the beam hit him. The entire alleyway was consumed by a massive explosion.

As the smoke had settled the monster stared at the alley in disbelief, there he was, still standing. His arms burned and charred, barely able to stand. In his hands, he held the magic disc, but it had changed now resembling a spinning flame with four curled flame-shaped extensions from the center where the hole was located. A fat grin had appeared on his face mixed in with the pain of the burned.


>-------<A>-------<


“Today you will learn to activate the Alchemy Driver if you ever need it,” An old man with white skin and grey hair said to a little boy with orange complexion and fiery red hair.

“But why, the thing doesn’t work and probably never will! Why can’t I play with Thunder instead, this is pointless!” The boy whined.

“Silence! It is the family tradition that on his eighth birthday the oldest son of our family will learn how to use the driver. It is our only reason to exist and you will learn it too! Now, do I hear any objections?” But the boy just stayed silent. “Ok, now listen…”


>-------<A>-------<


Phoenix took the driver out of the pocket of his jacket, his hands shaking from the pain, and put it in front of his waist where it immediately looped a metal band around it and pulling tight. Next, he brought the fire disc closer to the beltlike device, barely able to hold it, and put it on the rod in the middle of the device. After fitting it in he started to spin the disc with his right hand and pointing with that hand towards the sky.

At this moment Napalm had regained his composure and hastily threw a fireball at the burned man.

\ MAGIC DISC DETECTED! /

“Henshin!”

\ FLAME DISC ACTIVATED! /

Whit that a fiery whirlwind began to encircle Phoenix, starting from his feet reaching up to his waist and finally arriving at his head. The fireball Napalm had thrown at him just exploded as it hit the flames that spun around him. After a few seconds, the flame-whirlwind burst away and revealed, that instead of the burned man that stood in the spot mere moments ago now an armor-clad warrior had taken his place.

The armor was made out of crimson material. His feet were armored through boots with a slick design that ended into a spike at his knee, decorated with golden details. At his waist, a cape that reached to his knees and grew ever shorter the more it reached his backside, was build into the armor and held by the belt, its edges accented with gold. All over his breastplate were small lines of gold worked into the armor and a symbol that represented fire was present on his right chest. His shoulder plates looked like flames that were blowing in the wind and ended in ridged edges. The gloves had a golde line on them were the went over into the rest of the armor. Golden bug-shaped eyes stared at the beast, while the rest of the helmet was primarily red, with a metallic mouthguard. Two golden crescent horns extended from above the eyes, both with a flame motif worked into them.

Phoenix felled an incredible power rushing through him, his arms that had mere moments ago, hurt in nearly unbearable agony felt like nothing had ever happened to them. He even felt better than before, this was not comparable to anything he had ever experienced. Like he was for the first time truly alife.

“What are you? Who are you? And most importantly how dare you to stay in my way? I will not accept such disrespect!” And with that, the fire monster charged towards Phoenix, charging energy into its fist. But before it could connect Phoenix had already slammed his fist into the stomach of the beast, which in turn flew out of the alley into the burned out wreckage of a car on the opposite side of the street. Napalm visibly confused just shouted: ”What? How dare you? I’m a god! You have no right to harm me!”

The man in the crimson armor simply walked out onto the street and stared at the monster. Remembering back to one of his grandfather lessons and broke the silence: “I’m Kamen Rider Alchemy, specifically Kamen Rider Alchemie Flame Mode! And I’m here to put you out.”


>-------<A>-------<


In a different part of the city, Thunder had gone ecstatic over the appearance of Alchemy. His brother had done it, he had managed to finish what his family had begone hundreds of years ago.

“YES! Yes, yes, yes. He did it, he did it. Oh, he will never stop annoying gramps with this. Yes, he did it!”

Tears of joy had begun forming in his eyes over what his brother had archived.


>-------<A>-------<


“Put me out? You? That was just a lucky shot, nothing more and to prove it I’m going to crush you!” And with that Napalm slowly started to stand up. Clenching his fists together he again started to charge at the Kamen Rider. This time Alchemie smashed his own fist against the monsters, sending sparks flying from the impact. With Napalm being pushed back by the force of the attack, the rider advanced keeping the beast on the defenses. As the monster was pushed further and further back more and more hits struck there goal, every time letting sparks spray of the impact point.

“Didn’t you want to crush me? Where is this spark of determination now? Already blown out by the wind kitty? I thought you were a god, till now I’m not impressed. You are not Apollo, the god of the sun, you are Icarus, a human who got to close to it and was burned!” That was enough for the beast and slammed his fist in the direction of Alchemie, even more ferocious than before, only for the attack to be blocked by his opponent that had crossed his arms.Napalm was fuming, but before he could act upon his impulses he was hit by an uppercut, sending sparks flying off of him as well as himself about five meters into the air. Napalm landed unceremonially on his back about seven meters away from his opponent.

“ENOUGH! I will deal with you another time! And then I will be prepared because no one can stand against the god I have become, especially not you!” With that, all of his three gemstones began to glow and were unleashed as an all-consuming firestorm. Alchemy began to shield himself from the flames with his arms. After the flames had died down Napalm had vanished leaving the armored hero standing there dumbfounded. Thankfully no one was caught in the crossfire, still, it was frustrating that the beast had escaped.

Hearing police sirens coming closer, he figured that his best option was to get his bike and hightailed out of here because he wasn’t too interested in explaining the police about everything that had happened and didn’t want to lose the Alchemie Driver. Thankfully he had parked his bike far enough from the monster that it wasn’t damaged by the attacks of it. The moment he touched his crimson bike a fiery light erupted from it. After the light had died down enough that one could see again without being temporarily blinded something different had taken its place. It was still a motorbike but looked entirely different. The rims had changed color and were now a bright orange with a flame motif. This was reflective in the rest of the bike, while still crimson it was accented with gold and orange to envoke fire. The exhaust was designed as a burning flame.

As strange as it was that his bike had changed so massively he hadn’t time to dwell on it and simply accepted it, what other choice did he have? And with that, he drove away from the approaching sirens of the police cars until they faded into nothingness.


>-------<A>-------<


The evening had set in over Canterlot City and Phoenix had finally reached the “Magnum Opus” again after getting lost a few times in the unfamiliar city. He had changed back into his civilian form in an abandoned alleyway to travel more inconspicuous. The patrons had already left after Thunder had closed the restaurant early, blaming it on the monster attack, which wasn’t a complete lie.

As Phoenix walked through the door, his burned leather-jacket crumpled under his arm, Summer was finishing cleaning the pizzeria for the day as she saw him coming in. “Ah, you are back and did you get it?”

“What?”

“You went out to get something for the boss and now you don’t know what? What were you doing?”

“Oh yeah, right. I forgot. It’s no problem” He tried to dismiss her questions.

“What? That was the purpose of this trip and you forgot it? How can you forget that? Am I surrounded by idiots? And you left me here to do everything myself to just forget what you were supposed to do? What have you done anyway if not get the ‘thing’?” She seemed to be fuming and how could blame her, she had been leafed to take care of the restaurant two times this day both times given no explanation.

Phoenix was struggling to find the right words, hell any words for the matter. “I called him that I simply overlocked the pineapples and since he is unfamiliar with the layout of the city it took him a while to get back here. Oh by the way you really worked outstandingly today and in the last weeks, I think it’s time for an increment in your salary.” Thunder interrupted the pair's conversation.

Summer standing there dumbfounded but quickly regaining her composure: “Thank you Thunder!” All while Phoenix visibly relaxed.

“Please, I’m glad to have such a good employee as you, now go, we can handle the rest. Phoenix I wanted to talk to you upstairs.” With that, he turned around and started to walk back up the stairs again.

“Thank you, goodbye Thunder, goodbye Phoenix. See you tomorrow!” And with that, she left the restaurant, a scream of pure glee could be heard from outside.

The older brother followed Thunder upstairs and throw his ruined jacket on the couch. “Before we discuss anything else, you owe me a new jacket.”

Thunder just chuckled and added: ”I’m glad some things never change.”