> Yu-Gi-Oh! Friendship is Magic
>  by sonicdash123
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The Reunion
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Twilight was going through her deck she made a few days back. She then placed a card in her deck and then used her magic to place her deck back into a box when Spike suddenly entered the room with a scroll in hand. "Hey, Spike," she said.

"Hey, Twilight," Spike replied. "I got a letter from Cadence."

"Cadence? Let me see, Spike." Twilight levitated the scroll and unrolled it and started to read what it says out loud. "Dear Princess Twilight, I am pleased to announce that you and your friends are invited to a tournament that is being held at at the Crystal Empire. The participants for the tournament will be announced tomorrow. I hope to see you and your friends soon." Twilight looked at Spike. "Spike, let my friends know about the tournament that is coming up."

"Right away, princess." Spike saluted and rushed out of the room while Twilight began to pack some books and her duel disk in her bags.





A unicorn stallion was dueling a random pegasus stallion at Canterlot as the crowd watched them. The unicorn's field was two Blue-Eyes White Dragon and Luster Dragon. He had four cards in his hoof. The pegasus' field was Ancient Gear Golem. He had two cards in his hoof.

???: LP 2000. ???: LP 700.

"My turn," the unicorn said. "Draw!" He then grinned and looked at the pegasus. "I activate Polymerization and fuse my two Blue-Eyes and one in my hand to call forth Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon." The three dragons fused together to form a three headed dragon. [ATK: 4500. Lv. 12] "This duel is over for you. Blue-Eyes, obliterate that Ancient Gear and wipe out his life points!!!" The three dragons opened their mouths and fired a beam at the Golem and destroyed it. The pegasus screamed as his life points were lowered to zero. The crowd cheered for the winner of the duel as the unicorn walked up to the pegasus. They then shook hooves as thanks for the match. "Good game, sir."

"Good game. If I may ask, who are you?"

"Charming Thunder, nephew of Princess Celestia and Princess Luna and brother of Princess Cadence."

The pegasus gasped and said with his head lowered in a bow, "It is an honor to meet you!"

"The honor is all mine. I should get going. I don't want to keep my aunts waiting." The pegasus nodded and flew away as Charming Thunder walked to the direction towards the castle. A pegasus royal guard flew down and walked towards him with a scroll in hoof. "Guard, what a surprise. I was just about to head back to the castle. What news do you bring?"

"A message from your sister," the guard replied as he gave Charming Thunder the scroll. He then used his magic to unroll it and read it to himself. He then looked at the guard. "Thank you." The guard then flew back to the castle as Charming Thunder continued his stroll through town back to the castle.





At the castle, Charming Thunder packed his duel disk and his box containing his deck. He then levitated his bag and placed it on his back. He then noticed Luna walking with a black pegasus. He then approached them and greeted, "Hello, Aunt Luna. Hello, Danny. I take it that you got the invitation to the tournament being held at the Crystal Empire?"

"We did, Charming," Luna said.

"Not to mention that participants will be announced tomorrow morning," Danny added. "If I were in the tournament, I would beat all of my opponents and claim my prize, whatever it is."

"Beats me," Charming Thunder said. "I wonder what the prize is."

"Shall we be off then?" Luna asked. "We don't want to miss our ride to the Crystal Empire."

"Agreed." Charming Thunder then walked with Luna and Danny through the halls of the castle.





Twilight and her friends waited at the train station for their ride to go to the Crystal Empire. "Lets see..." Twilight said as she went through her list in her head. "Duel Disk? Check. Deck? Check. Books on Duel Monsters? Check." Twilight then nodded and saw the train about to arrive.

"OOOOH!!!" Pinkie said. "The train is here!!!" The train pulled in and came to a stop. The doors at each car opened letting the passengers disembark. Once everyone disembarked Twilight and the others showed their tickets and boarded the train. They took their seats and waited for others to board.

"This tournament is going to be awesome!!!" Rainbow said.

"You said it, Rainbow," Applejack said. The train's horn sounded as the doors at each car closed. The train then took its leave from Ponyville.

"This is going to be a long trip," Fluttershy said as she sat back and relaxed on her seat.





That night at the Crystal Empire castle, Cadence went through the preparations for the next day as the crystal ponies set up tables and chairs at each table. She then noticed Charming Thunder entered the room and smiled. "Charming!!!" she said as she rushed over to him to give him a tight hug. "How are you, brother? It's been awhile."

"I am doing well, sis," Charming Thunder said. "How are the preparations?"

"Going well. They are just setting up tables now."

"It is great to see you, Cadence."

"You should get some rest after that long trip you had to get here. In the meantime, I have to see Twilight and the others."

"Twilight? She's invited too?"

"Yes. Along with her friends."

"It has been a while since I have seen Twilight. Will she be arriving soon?"

"If you want to see her, I can let her know that you want to meet her."

"Keep my name a surprise?"

"Of course, brother." 

Flash entered the room and said, "Princess Twilight and her friends have arrived, your highness."

"Good." Cadence then turned to Charming Thunder. "I must go. I was nice to see you again." Cadence took her leave from the room leaving Charming Thunder to help with the preparations.





Twilight was reading her book on Duel Monsters when a knock was heard. She bookmarked her book and closed it then walked towards the door. She then used her magic to open the door and there was Charming Thunder standing at the other side. She gasped and tears began to fall out of her eyes. Twilight then hugged Charming Thunder relieved to see him again from all those years since she was a filly. She then broke the hug and looked at him in the eyes with a smile and wiped off her tears.





Twilight Sparkle



I should have known that you'd be here
I should have known it all along
You were invited for this occasion as well
It has been far too long, my friend
I am relieved to see you now
I am relieved that you are here





Charming Thunder



Oh, Twilight, my dear friend
In that time when I thought you were gone
My dear friend, on that day a few days before you left
Ah, Twilight, you came and found where I hid
Don't you deny that you did
That long ago night





Twilight Sparkle



That night before I left




Charming Thunder nodded and placed a hoof on her shoulder.




Charming Thunder



Once there was a night beneath a moonless sky


Too dark to see a thing, too dark to see each other





Twilight Sparkle



I stole to your side to tell you how I feel
I couldn't see your face but sensed you even so
And I touched you





Charming Thunder



And I felt you





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



And I heard those ravishing refrains





Twilight Sparkle



Those days when we were kids





Charming Thunder



Those fun times we had





Twilight Sparkle



And I held you





Charming Thunder



And I touched you





Twilight Sparkle



And embraced you





Charming Thunder



And I felt you





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



And with every breath and every sigh





Twilight Sparkle



I was brave like you





Charming Thunder



I felt no longer shy





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



At last our feelings bared
Beneath a moonless sky




Charming Thunder and Twilight sat on the bed together.




Twilight Sparkle



And blind in the dark, as soul gazed into soul
I looked into your heart and saw you pure and whole





Charming Thunder



Cloaked under the night with nothing to suppress
A mare and a stallion, no more and yet no less
And I kissed you





Twilight Sparkle



And caressed you





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



And the world around us fell away
We said things in the dark
We never dared to say





Charming Thunder



And I caught you





Twilight Sparkle



And I kissed you





Charming Thunder



And I took you





Twilight Sparkle



And I was brave





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



With a need too urgent to deny
And nothing mattered then
Except for you and I
Again and then again
Beneath a moonless sky




Charming Thunder looked away then got up to walk to the window.




Charming Thunder



And when the day finally came with the sun risen in the sky
Ashamed with the news given to me, afraid to see your eyes
I stood while you left and whispered a goodbye
And slipped into the dark beneath a moonless sky




Twilight got up and rushed to Charming Thunder’s side.




Twilight Sparkle



And I loved you
Yes, I loved you
I'd have followed anywhere you led
I tried to swear my love
But found you gone instead





Charming Thunder



And I loved you





Twilight Sparkle



How I loved you





Charming Thunder



And you left me





Twilight Sparkle



And I still loved you





Charming Thunder



And you had to both of us know why





Twilight Sparkle



We both knew why





Charming Thunder/Twilight Sparkle



And yet I won't regret
From now until I die
The night I can't forget
Beneath a moonless sky


Charming Thunder and Twilight’s foreheads touched as they held hooves. “And now,” Charming Thunder said. “Here we are. Together again. You must tell me all about your adventures with your friends. And this student you once had.”

“I’ll introduce you to them tomorrow morning,” Twilight said before she yawned. “For now I am exhausted from the ride to the Crystal Empire.”

“Of course, your highness.” Charming Thunder bowed and began to take his leave.

“Charming.” Charming Thunder stopped at the sound of Twilight’s voice and turned to look at her. “It is good to see you again.” Charming Thunder smiled and left the room as he closed the door behind him with his magic.
> The Tournament Participants
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next morning finally came as ponies were in the party room to partake in the announcement of the participants for the tournament. Charming Thunder stood at the punch stand while he waited for Twilight. She and her friends arrived to meet Charming Thunder as he approached Twilight and the others. "So these must be your friends I always hear about," he said.

"Indeed they are," Twilight said. "Let me introduce you to them." She then pointed at her friends one by one. "This is Applejack."

"Howdy, partner," Applejack greeted.

"Rarity."

"Hello, darling," Rarity said as she fixed her mane.

"Rainbow Dash."

"Aww yeah!" Rainbow said. "It is a pleasure to meet you."

"Pinkie Pie."

"Hey there!" Pinkie said.

"And Fluttershy."

"Oh um...hello," Fluttershy said; nervously. Charming Thunder smiled and nodded.

"They helped me stop many foes. Including Nightmare Moon."

"I'm impressed," Charming Thunder said. Rainbow then approached him.

"You don't happen to know Danny, don't you?"

"I do as a matter of fact. Why?"

"He's my boyfriend. I heard that he is here too."

"I saw him talking to his mother and my aunt; Luna over there next to the stage." Charming Thunder then pointed to where Danny is for Rainbow. She then flew away in a hurry to that direction as Charming Thunder followed. "Excuse me, Twilight." Twilight nodded as Charming Thunder continued to follow Rainbow.

"He is a nice friend to have, Twilight," Fluttershy said.

"And handsome if I do say so," Rarity added. Danny was talking to Luna about something important when Rainbow came and gave him a tight hug.

"Danny!!!" Rainbow said as Danny hugged back.

"Rainbow, how are you?" Danny said. "I missed you!"

"I missed you too. I am fine, my love." Rainbow then kissed Danny's cheek as Charming Thunder arrived. 

When Charming Thunder was about to say something, Scootaloo arrived and said, "Rainbow! I've brought my deck with me to show you."

"Hey, Scoots. I was just talking to my boyfriend here. Can it wait?" The three princesses took the stage as Cadence stood in front of the two.

"Mares and gentlecolts, may I have your attention please?" Cadence said as the crowd took their seats at their tables. Charming Thunder and Danny only stood at the side of the stage only to listen. "It is time to announce the contenders for the upcoming tournament. The winner will be crowned King or Queen of Games. And now for the participants. When I call your name, please come up to the stage." A raffle drum rolled up next to Cadence as she used her magic to spin it. When it stopped spinning, she levitated out a piece of paper with a name on it. "Our first contender is; Rainbow Dash."

"Aww yeah!" Rainbow said as she flew to the stage. The raffle drum spins again and Cadence pulled out the next name.

"Charming Thunder." Charming Thunder walked up the stairs to the stage and stood next to Rainbow. The drum spins again and Cadence pulled out the next one. "Pinkie Pie."

"Sweet," Pinkie said. "I'm in the tournament." Pinkie bounced her way to the stage and stood next to Charming Thunder. The drum once again spins and Cadence pulled out the next name.

"Danny Eclipse." Danny Eclipse walked up the stairs to the stage and stood next to Pinkie as the drum spins again and Cadence pulls out another name. "Scootaloo."

"Really?" Scootaloo asked herself; excited.

"Go Scootaloo!!!" Sweetie Belle and Applebloom said in unison as Scootaloo walked up the stairs to the stage and stands next Danny. The next name was then pulled.

"Shining Armor," Cadence announced. Shining Armor approached the stage and stood next to Scootaloo as the next name was being pulled. "And finally; Twilight Sparkle." Twilight stood up from her seat and slowly walked up to the stage and stood next to her brother. That's it. These seven will compete in the fight for the title." The crowd applauded for the competitors as they left the stage to continue their festivities. Charming Thunder stepped outside for a brief moment while Danny followed.





Charming Thunder paced around in the throne room nervously until Danny entered the room. "I just can't believe that my childhood friend is participating," he said.

"It's nothing to get nervous about," Danny reassured.

"I'm not that nervous. Not to mention that you are participating as well. We dueled many times. I have never beaten you before."

"Well this is your chance."

"What do you mean?"

"If one of us reaches the top, one of us will become the firs King of Games."

"You're right, Danny. Thanks for the encouragement."

"It's my pleasure." Rainbow suddenly entered the room.

"Am I interrupting?" Rainbow asked as she approached Danny.

"No. We were just talking about the tournament."

"Oh. I just can't believe that I made it into the tournament. I heard that tomorrow is the first round."

"Who's in the first round?" Charming Thunder asked.

"You and Scootaloo, Charming." Charming Thunder was surprised to hear who he will be facing in the first round. "Then, Danny will be taking on Pinkie Pie. And I will be taking on Twilight."

"What of Shining Armor?" Danny asked.

"He will take on either me or Twilight."

"Interesting," Charming Thunder said. "I am amazed to hear that."

"I will be aiming for the top with my Blackwings."

"Hopefully my Blue-Eyes White Dragons can survive this tournament 'til the very end."

"As for my Vampire Genesis," Danny added.

"To the end then?" Rainbow asked.

"To the end," Charming Thunder agreed.

"To the end," Danny said. They both shook hooves one by one and decided to go back to the party.





Charming Thunder and Twilight together to the room where Twilight is staying while they talked and laughed. "You had many adventures during your stay in Ponyville," Charming Thunder said. "I mean who would've known that Changelings had a good side by learning to share love. I am very proud of Starlight. Speaking of Starlight, why wasn't she here? You did say that she was with you and your friends, right?"

"Ah, yes," Twilight said. "She was with her friend Sunburst during the party."

"Ah. I have heard of him. He helped you defeat the Pony of Shadows and bring back the legendary Starswirl the Bearded."

"You are right. Celestia may have told you a lot of things since I was away from Canterlot. Although, many times I never see you whenever I visit." Twilight nervously chuckled as the two arrived at the room. "Well it was fun while at lasted. I better get some shut eye." Charming Thunder placed a hoof on Twilight's and lifted it up then kissed it.

"Good night, princess." Charming Thunder then took his leave after Twilight entered her room to get some sleep as well.
> First Round - Charming Thunder vs Scootaloo
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Charming Thunder was fast asleep as the sun rose and shone in his eyes, causing him to wake up. He yawned and got up from his bed to stretch his hind legs. He then looked in a mirror and noticed that his mane is a mess. He used his hoof to fix his hair. His eyes then widened and said, "What time is it?" He then rushed to the window and looked outside to see ponies going to the stadium where the Equestria Games was held. "Oh damn. I am late!" He then levitated his saddlebag with his duel disk and deck box and rushed out of his room.





Arriving at the waiting room in the stadium, Charming Thunder sat on a bench with his duel disk on his arm waiting for his time to step up to the field and duel Scootaloo. A security pony then entered and then gestured him to follow him. Charming Thunder got up and followed the security pony through the hallway to the field. He arrived at the entrance to the field and as he stepped out, the crowd was cheering for him as he made his way to the duel field and took his place where he needed to stand. He then looked around to look at the crowd. He then saw Twilight sitting with the other princesses waving at him. He waved back as the cheering grew louder and louder. He then turned his gaze to see Scootaloo coming to take her place on the duel field with her duel disk on her arm. Trumpets then began to sound as Cadence stood up from her throne and announced, "And now, the first round of the tournament begins."

"I may not know you, stranger, but I know we will have a fun duel," Scootaloo said as she activated her duel disk. 

Charming Thunder only smiled and replied, "Let's have a good duel!" He then activated his duel disk.

"Duel!"

Scootaloo: LP 4000. Charming Thunder: LP 4000

"I'll go first," Scootaloo said. "Draw! I summon Elemental Hero Woodsman in defense mode!" A humanoid wooden hero appeared with his arms on his chest defending himself. [DEF 2000. LV 4] "I then activate a field spell; Skyscraper!" The environment changed into a metropolitan city. "With this on the field if I control an Elemental Hero monster and it attacks with its attack points lower than the opposing monster, that Elemental Hero gains 1000 attack points. And with that I end my turn."

"Impressive," Charming Thunder said. "A field spell in the first turn. My turn! Draw! I summon Mirage Dragon!" A yellow dragon appears on the field. [ATK 1600. LV 4] "When I have this dragon on the field, your trap cards cannot be activated during anyone's battle phase."

"Aww man. Too bad that I don't have any trap cards. Not to mention that your monster's attack points are lower than my defending monster."

"That is why I am setting a card face down and ending my turn."

"My turn! Draw! Aww yeah! First things first, my monster's effect activates! When he is on the field during the standby phase, I can add a Polymerization card to my hand. Then I activate Polymerization to fuse my Elemental Hero Avian and Elemental Hero Burstinatrix from my hand to summon Elemental Hero Flame Wingman!" A humanoid hero with wings on his back and a dragon's head on his right arm. [ATK 2100. LV 6] "It's time to battle! Elemental Hero Flame Wingman attack his Mirage Dragon!" The hero's dragon arm fired a fire blast at the dragon destroying it.

"Not so fast! I activate my face down; Defense Draw. I take no damage and draw a card."

"That won't save you. My monster's effect activates. You inflict damage by the same attack points as the destroyed monster." [Charming Thunder: LP 4000 -> 3400] "I set a card and end my turn."

"My turn then! Draw! I summon Lord of D." A man with a dragon like attire appeared on the field. "Next, I activate a spell; The Flute of summoning Dragon! With this I can special summon two Dragon type monsters from my hand. I special summon Alexandrite Dragon and Mirage Dragon!" The two dragons appeared after the flute was played by the spellcaster. [ATK 2000. LV 4] [ATK 1600. LV 4] "Before I attack, I activate Mystical Space Typhoon to destroy your field spell." A typhoon wiped out the field spell and caused the environment to change back to normal. "And then I activate an equip spell; Dragon Treasure allowing my Dragon type monster to gain 300 attack and defense points to my Alexandrite Dragon." A jewel appeared on the dragon. [ATK 2300. DEF 400] "Now, my dragon. Attack the Elemental Hero Flame Wingman!" The dragon flew towards the hero and did a tail strike at him.

"Gah!" [Scootaloo: LP 4000 -> 3800]

"I then set one card set down and end my turn."

"It's my turn! I draw! Woodsman's effect activates and I add another Polymerization to my hand. Then I activate Polymerization from my hand and fuse Elemental Hero Ocean from my hand and Elemental Hero Woodsman from the field to summon Elemental Hero Terra Firma!" A white humanoid hero appeared on the field on its knees then stood up. "Then I activate a spell from my hand; Monster Reborn, to bring back Elemental Hero Ocean from the graveyard." A aquamarine hero with a trident appeared next to the giant hero. "Elemental Hero Ocean, attack his Lord of D." The hero spun his trident and threw it at the spellcaster.

"Not so fast! I activate my face down trap card; Sakuretsu Armor. Your monster is now destroyed." Sharp armor appeared on the spellcaster and automatically destroyed the blue hero.

"Terra Firma, attack his Lord of D. Earth Impact!" The white hero flew high in the air and flew down fast towards the dragon lord. He impacts on him and destroyed the monster.

"Gah!" [Charming Thunder: LP 3400 -> 2100]

"Go Scootaloo!!!" Applebloom said in the crowd holding a sign with a picture of Scootaloo.

"I end my turn."

"You got a lot of skill with that deck," Charming Thunder said. "No wonder why you wanted to show Rainbow Dash your deck. My turn! Draw! And I think your Terra Firma is about to go soon enough. I summon Tune Warrior!" A warrior with antennas on its head appeared on the field.

"A tuner monster? Then that means you--"

"Yes. I tune my Alexandrite Dragon to synchro summon. The ruler's shouts echo throughout! Hammer of victory, shatter the very earth! Synchro Summon! Flap your wings, Exploder Dragonwing!" An explosion emitted and a dragon appeared when the smoke cleared. [ATK 2400. LV 7] "Now when he attacks a monster, it is automatically destroyed and when it is, you take damage equal to the monster's attack points."

"But it's not enough to destroy Terra Firma."

"That is why I activate another Dragon Treasure and equip it to that dragon." [ATK 2700. DEF 1900] "Now obliterate Terra Firma with King's Storm Attack!" The dragon breathed fire at the hero and obliterated the monster completely. "Of course my dragon's effect activates as well."

"GAH!!!" [Scootaloo: LP 3800 -> 1300] "I can't take another hit like that!"

"I end my turn." Twilight was impressed with the move made by Charming Thunder and got curious.

"What are you up to, Charming?" Twilight thought.

"I won't give up!!! M-my turn! Draw! This is my last chance at this. I set a monster face down and end my turn."

"It's my turn. I draw! Your luck just ran out. I tribute my Alexandrite Dragon and my Exploder Dragonwing to summon something special for you. My pride and my soul, my Blue-Eyes White Dragon!!!" A flash of light appeared and a white dragon flew down from the sky. [ATK 3000. LV 8] The crowd was amazed to see a legendary card being played on the field. "I then activate a spell card from my hand; Burst Stream of Destruction! This allows me to destroy all of your monsters on your side of the field, but will not attack this turn." The Blue-Eyes charged a strike and fired at Scootaloo's side of the field.

"NO! Then that means you--"

"I will now end this duel with a bang. Mirage Dragon, attack my opponent directly!!!" The dragon used its scythe tail to strike at Scootaloo.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" [Scootaloo: LP 1300 -> 0] The crowd cheered for the victor as Charming Thunder approached Scootaloo. "You were right."

"About what?"

"This duel. It was fun."

"The winner is Charming Thunder!!!" Cadence announced.

"That was awesome!!!" Scootaloo said. "That was one of the legendary cards I have ever seen in the history of Duel Monsters." Charming Thunder only smiled as he turned to the crowd and waved at them.
> Second Round - Pinkie Pie vs Danny Eclipse
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Charming Thunder walked in the hall of the stadium and encountered Danny and Twilight waiting for him. Twilight rushed to him and gave him a tight hug as Charming Thunder hugged back. Danny had his duel disk on his arm as he approached them with a smile. "That was an awesome duel!!!" Twilight said; excitedly. "I didn't know that you hade one of the legendary dragons in your deck."

"Make that three," Charming Thunder said.

"Then that means...."

"He has Ultimate Dragon as well," Danny finished.

"Then I better watch my out if we ever duel." Charming Thunder nodded then looked at Danny.

"Off to your match, Danny?" Charming Thunder asked.

"Yup," Danny replied. "Against Pinkie."

"I wish you luck then." Charming Thunder then hoof bumped with Danny before he took his leave to the field. Charming Thunder followed Twilight out of the hallway so that he could take his seat with the audience.





Danny walked through the hallway and walked through the entryway to the field as he heard the crowd cheering. He saw Pinkie standing at the other side of the field as she waved at the crowd with a smile. She then turned to see Danny standing at the other side and took her place on the field. "If I win this duel, I am throwing a party!" Pinkie said. "Hope you are prepared. I am not going down without a fight." She then activated her duel disk.

"This duel will be over quick and painless," Danny said. "Let's go." He activated his duel disk.

"Duel!"

Danny Eclipse: LP 4000. Pinkie Pie: LP 4000.

"I'll go first," Danny said. "Draw! I set a monster face down and I set a card face down to end my turn."

"My turn!" Pinkie said. "I draw! I pay 1000 life points to activate Toon World from my hand." [Pinkie Pie: LP 4000 -> 3000] "Next I special summon Toon Mermaid in defense mode." A clam appeared and opened to reveal a cartoon mermaid holding a bow. [DEF 1500. LV 4]

"Yet you can't attack on the turn you summon that toon monster."

"Man you are catching on. I end my turn."

"My turn! Draw! I summon Vampire Lady in attack position." A humanoid monster with bat like wings hanging under her arms appeared on the field with a sword in hand. [ATK 1550. LV 4] "Vampire Lady, attack her Toon Mermaid!" The lady flew towards the mermaid and slashed at her. "I end my turn."

"It's my turn! Draw! I special summon Toon Gemini Elf in attack position." Two cartoon humanoid elf twins appeared on the field. [ATK 1900. LV 4] "Next I summon Krebons in attack position." A jester like robot appeared next to the elves on the field. [ATK 1200. LV 2] "Then, I tune my Toon Gemini Elf with my Krebons. Behold, this is the power of authority! Synchro Summon! A surprise encounter, Goyo Guardian." A humanoid guardian appeared on the field twirling his weapon. [ATK 2800. LV 6] "Now when he is on the field and destroys one of your monsters, I can special summon the monster on my side of the field in defense mode. Now Goyo Guardian, attack his Vampire Lady!" The warrior twirled his weapon and threw it at the vampire then pulled the monster to his side of the field.

"Grrr." [Danny Eclipse: LP 4000 -> 2750] Charming Thunder sat next to Rarity and the others as they watched the duel and he was surprised to see the move made by Pinkie.

"Danny is in trouble there," Charming Thunder said. "With the Goyo Guardian on the field, she will take every single monster she destroys."

"I end my turn with a card face down."

"That was a cheap shot, Pinkie!" Danny said. "My turn! I draw! I tribute my face down monster to summon Vampire Lord in attack position." A male humanoid vampire appeared on the field after he twirled his cape. [ATK 2000. LV 5]

"I reveal my face down; Toon Briefcase. Your monster gets shuffled back to your deck." A briefcase appeared and chomped its way towards the vampire.

"I was hoping you would do that. I reveal my counter trap card; Tutan Mask. Since you are targeting a Zombie type monster on my field, your trap card is negated." The briefcase stopped and exploded in front of the vampire.

"Shoot! That was a good card too."

"Next, I activate Brain Control from my hand. By paying 800 life points, I take control one of your monsters 'til the end of the turn. Or should I say my monster. Come forth, Vampire Lady." [Danny Eclipse: LP 2750 -> 1950] The vampire came to Danny's side of the field next to the other vampire. "Then I activate another spell; Book of Life. I target one of my Zombie type monsters in my graveyard and special summon it then I banish one of my monsters. I choose to banish my Vampire Lady in order to bring back my Pyramid Turtle in defense mode." A turtle took the vampire's place as she vanished in an instant. [DEF 1400. LV 4] "I then set a card face down and end my turn."

"It's my turn! Draw! Goyo Guardian, attack his turtle!" The guardian twirled his weapon and released it towards the turtle and reeled it to her side of the field.

"Since you destroyed my Pyramid Turtle before you claim it for yourself, its effect activates. I special summon a Zombie monster with 2000 defense points or less to the field. And I choose Vampire Lord!" A soul flew out of the turtle's shell and revealed another lord of vampires next to its twin. [ATK 2000. LV 5]

"Two Vampire Lords?" Charming Thunder said to himself. "What is he up to?"

"Very well then," Pinkie said. "I set two cards face down and end my turn."

"My turn! Draw!" Danny grinned and looked at Pinkie. "I summon my tuner monster; Dark Resonator." A dark fiendish monster holding a resonator appeared on the field. "But that's not all. I tune my Vampire Lord with my Dark Resonator. I call upon the Great Dark Being to bring the End! Synchro Summon! Bring the Darkest End, Dark End Dragon!" A black demonic looking dragon appeared as it spreads its wings with a roar. Pinkie wasn't even scared of the dragon when it appeared. "I activate its ability. I destroy one monster on your side of the field and it then loses 500 attack and defense points after that. I choose your Goyo Guardian." The dragon fired a dark fire breath at the warrior and destroyed it in the process. [ATK 2100. DEF 1600]

"No fair!"

"Dark End Dragon, attack the Pyramid Turtle!" The dragon charged up dark fire in its mouth and breathed it at the turtle. "And now Vampire Lord, attack her directly!" The vampire flew beside Pinkie and bit the side of her neck.

"Ah!" [Pinkie Pie: LP 3000 -> 1000]

"I end my turn."

"That almost felt real. My turn! Draw! I activate my face down trap card; Call of the Haunted. I special summon a monster from my graveyard as long as this card is in play. Come on back, Goyo Guardian!" A tombstone erupted from the ground and the guardian popped out of the ground. [ATK 2800. LV 6] "Next, I summon Mist Valley Soldier in attack mode!" A winged warrior holding two blades appeared on the field next to the guardian. [ATK 1700. LV 4] "And now I have a special treat for you! I tribute the two monsters on my field to special summon something you should be familiar with. I call on Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon!" A white cartoon dragon popped out of the toon book and landed in front of Pinkie. [ATK 3000. LV 8]

"A card similar to mine?" Charming Thunder said. "Thank Celestia I wasn't facing her. It would be evenly matched with my Blue-Eyes."

"I set a card and end my turn."

"You are lucky to have that monster on your field," Danny said. "My turn! Draw! I activate Pot of Avarice from my hand. This allows me to choose five monsters in my graveyard and shuffle them in my deck. Then, I draw two cards." Danny's deck shuffled on his duel disk and he drew two cards from it. He then grinned. "And I just drew the card I need to beat that Blue-Eyes."

"Whatever do you mean?"

"It means I banish my Vampire Lord to special summon something for you. With the dark gentleman's passing the contract is fulfilled. Now the shadows reform as one in the unholy room. Awaken now! Advance summon the Un-dead King, Vampire Genesis!" A black orb appeared and six claws grabbed it. The claws squeezed the orb and ripped it open to reveal a giant vampire monster with its eyes glowing red. [ATK 3000. LV 8]

"Uh-oh," Charming Thunder said. "Pinkie is in trouble."

"But your monster's attack points are equal to my monster's," Pinkie said; worried. "There's no way your vampire can stay on the field."

"That is why I am activating my face down quick play spell; Shrink. This halves the attack of your Blue-Eyes on the field, but there won't be an end of the turn for that this duel is over."

"Uh-oh!" The cartoon white dragon shrunk down to size until it was tiny. [ATK 1500]

"Now, attack and end this duel with Crimson Storm!" The giant vampire charged up an attack and fired a dark attack at the tiny dragon.

"GAAAAAAH!" [Pinkie Pie: LP 1000 -> 0] The crowd cheered as the duel ended.

"The winner is; Danny Eclipse!" Cadence announced. The crowd cheered louder as Pinkie giggled.

"That was fun, Danny! Thanks for the duel! Let's do this again sometime!"

"I'll take that under consideration, Pinkie," Danny said with a smile on his face.
