//------------------------------//
// Boker Returns To Ponyville 
// Story: Horizon's Adventure 
// by Alicorn21 
//------------------------------//

Ponyville

Mean ville in ponyville Pinkie Pie is working at her job at Sugercube Courner, Pinkie Pie was already on her break reading the book The Adventures of Orion Spark. The book is  written by Boker Horizon.
It was a tale of a unicorn named Orion Spark who goes on adventures fighting the evil alicorn Lord Nebulus. So Orion finds friends on every step on the way and learns more about life and the reality of it. 
It was a story Pinkie Pie could read and read everyday and could read to Pound Cake and Pumpkin Cake as a night time story, she also reads it to her sister Maude but never to her friends.

Rainbow Dash and Twilight walks into the bakery and sees Pinkie Pie reading. "Hey Pinkie Pie, what are you reading?" Rainbow asked, "Oooooohhhh, it's the best book i ever read!" Pinkie Pie cheerfully. "You gotta read it Rainbow" Pinkie Pie said and gave it to Rainbow Dash. 

Twilight grabbed the book and looked at the cover of the book, "i don't know why your such a big fan of this fantasy book series" Twilight said. "Yeah isn't this just like all other fantasy books?" Rainbow says, Pinkie Pie gasped of what Rainbow Dash said. 

"Are you kidding me? i mean you read Daring Do!" Pinkie Pie told Rainbow Dash, "true" Rainbow Dash says. "Okay, i will give it a read" Rainbow says, "me too, perhaps if you loved it so much then it must be good" Twilight says. 

Thunderlane walks into the bakery, he walks to the disk were Pinkie Pie was sitting. "What can i do for you Thunderlane?" Pinkie Pie asked, "yes my brother Boker Horizon is coming back to ponyville from Fillydelphia, so i wanted you to make a party for his return" Thunderlane said. 

"Wait, Boker Horizon like the author Boker Horizon?" Pinkie Pie cheerfully asked, "yeah the Boker"  Thunderlane replied. 

"Eeeeeee" Pinkie Pie was so excited to hear that Boker Horizon was coming to Ponyville. "Of course Thunderlane, imeanheismyfavoritauthorofalltime" Pinkie Pie said really fast in excitement, her favorite author was coming to Ponyville.  



Fillydelphia
Fillydelphia was no Manehattan but it sure had many tall building, ponies were draging carriages around the city. Pegasus, unicorn and earth Ponies were walking around and sitting on cafe drinking tee and eat food. 
In an apartment one place in the city, a green pegasus with an scroll and quill cutie mark was packing his suit case. 



Boker was already packed his luggage and was ready to go home to Ponyville, Boker was an well educated pony. He has written many stories during his stay in Fillydelphia, but his famous ones are the Orion Spark series. He has already written three books and is  about to write the fourth one. 

The only thing is that he has a writers block, so he hopes that he could find some inspiration in ponyville. Since he has heard all the amazing stories about changelings become reformed and a baby Alicorn been born. And the story about the elements of harmony and Twilight Sparkle, it was quite refreshing, as it was an inspiration for him. As far as he knew the Elements adventures weren’t recorded, so he might as well ask them.

But he was also happy to see his two brothers again after many years living in fillydelphia.

Boker has already packed up his things and ready to leave, he went out of his apartment and down to the streets. He was heading to Fillydelphia train station. 



Ponyville
Pinkie Pie was still planing out the party for Boker, Pinkie was really excited and got a little help from her friends. They helped Pinkie Pie with the decorations while Thunderlane and Rumble were waiting on the station for Boker. 

"Pinkie, maybe you should relax a little bit" Twilight told Pinkie. 

"Yeah, i mean you're kinda overreact about Boker coming to ponyville" Rainbow said. 

"Oh please, she gets to meet her idol Rainbow" Rarity said "i would have done the same if i meet my idol". 

"Yup, would done the same thing" Applejack said. 



Boker was at fillydelphia train station waiting for his train that will take him back to ponyville. Boker took out his note book and begun to think about any ideas that he could use for his next book. It was really hard coming up with any ideas, he scratches his back head with his pencil trying to come up with any ideas to use. 

The train has already arrived, book took his note book in the bag and walked on the train. The door closed and the train was moving, Boker gazed out of the window and at the beautiful landscape. No new inspiration came to Boker so he just begun to think about ideas for the next book of the series. This next book will end the series but on a good note, he would be disappointed with himself if the fans didn't enjoy the last book. 
He gazed out of the window and didn't see much, the only thing he saw was boring farms that didn't interest him. 

But since we will be arriving at ponyville, he would get his imagination back could finally write. Boker wanted a light heart ending to the book were the world is in danger again by an another evil force  and Orion Spark is the only one that can stop it. The story wold be like, if all seemed lost a few brave souls could save everything we ever known. 



Ponyville
It was late afternoon when Boker finally departed from the train station where he was greeted by Rumble. Rumble approached him and gave him a big hug. 

"I missed you Boker" Rumble said. 

"I missed you Rumble" Boker said.

Rumble stopped hugging Boker and approached Thunderlane. Thunderlane reached out his hoof to give Boker a hoof shake, Boker reached out his hoof and so both of them shook hoof. 

"It's been a long time since we saw you brother" Thunderlane said. 

"Yeah i imagined a different reaction coming from you" Boker told Thunderlane.

"Yup but i am glad that you came back to ponyville" Thunderlane said. 



Pinkie was already done and was ready for Thunderlane and Rumble to come back with Boker Horizon. Pinkie had everything se up and had her books for Boker to sign. 

She had confetti ready to pop out. 



They reached their home soon enough and Thunderlane made him take the first step inside of it. Boker found that suspiciously enough, but decided to play along. If Thunderlane wanted to prank him, he would just prank him back later.

"Suprise!" Pinkie yelled and suprised Boker “were you surprised? Were you? Were you? Were you?”. 

He was still in a daze as he looked at the pink mare, only for it to be replaced as Thunderlane stepped beside her

“I think he was,” Thunderlane snickered, “so I guess it was worth hiring you for this".

“Oh I completely forgot! I’m Pinkie Pie! And I’m Ponyville’s premier party planner It is an honor to meet you!” Pinkie said. 

"It's is an honor to meet you to Pinkie" Boker said and took out his hoof. 

“You see, Pinkie here is a big fan of your books" Thunderlane said. 

Pinkie Pie grabbed Boker's hoof and begun to shake it really hard, “Ooh! And how I am! It’s so super duper exciting!, I mean when Skylane Spark took the computation to get weapon they needed to defeat the evil alicorn Dark Doom!, oh and i love the relationship between Dawn and Orion, i just love it!" Pinkie swooned with excitement. 

"Thank you Pinkie Pie, I’m glad you liked it Pinkie. And it is also an honor to meet the famous bearer of the Element of Laughter. Thunderlane and especially Rumble have told me much about you.” Boker said. 

Seeing this happy smile on her face warmed Boker’s heart. It was moments like this that he started writing for he wanted to bring joy, by telling an interesting stories. And the series about ‘The Adventures of Orion Spark’ seemed to hit the nerve of time. He accounted this especially to the Elements saving the day time and time again, creating a real adventure slash hero trend.

“Anyway you have fun Mister Author, I will be checking that everything is perfect just for you” Pinkie said. 



The party was quite nice Boker, the party was already over and it begun to be night. So everypony went home and Boker needed to sleep, so maybe the next day he could visit the element bearers some questions and maybe find some inspirations. 

Boker found his way up to his room and begun to sleep.