//------------------------------//
// A Griffon's Perspective 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

Sunset stared at the portal. The same portal that got her into the human world. The portal that leads to Equestria, her birth place. The place where she met Storm Feather. The memory stone incident impacted Sunset in many ways. In good and bad ways. The incident reminded her of a bad memory. Anon-A-Miss. Around Christmas, Anon-A-Miss convinced her friends that she was still bad which led them to leaving her. Sunset frowned at the memory. She has already forgiven her friends and the crusaders, but it was something that still hurt Sunset sometimes. But there were many plus sides. It allowed her to reunite with Princess Celestia. She even has two new friends she could count on that hangs out with the Rainbooms on a daily basis. Then, there was the reminder of Storm Feather. Sunset couldn’t tell if being reminded of him was bad or good.  Sunset couldn’t get him out of her head.

“Ugh..What’s wrong with me?” Sunset groaned. She continued to look at the portal before walking towards it. Her hand touched the surface of the portal, feeling the hard marble of the statue. Sunset sighed. She knew she could write to Twilight to get the portal open, but she was hesitant. ‘Does he even remember me?’ Sunset thought. She shook her head. It was getting late. Sunset turned away from the portal and started to walk home.

In Equestria...

Storm Feather was flying around Canterlot staring at the ponies below him. He was looking for somepony. The pony being Sunset Shimmer. Sunset Shimmer used to be the most important pony in his life. The key words being ‘used to’. Even if Sunset said that they weren’t friends, he knew they were. His life sucked before he met her. He actually had a caring and loving mother, but his father was a different story. He left when he was so around five. Said something about having a useless wife and son. That wasn’t the only thing though. Storm Feather’s mom got ill when his dad left. She died when he was seven. Sunset changed that. When his mom died, he ran away from Griffonstone and met her in Canterlot. He smiled at the memories they spent together. Being with her made him happy, but then she just vanished. She was just gone.

‘Just like my dad’ he thought bitterly. He didn’t know where or why she left. He spent years trying to find her, but gave up. Then, he saw her at the library. Storm Feather though his eyes were playing a trick on him, but then he heard her voice. He knew right then and there, it was Sunset. He wanted to go up to her and hug her, but he couldn’t. The princesses were next to her and that meant that he could get caught. Storm Feather didn’t have bits, so he stole. That caused him to be a well known thief. He sighed. It was getting late. He had to go to his ‘house’. As he was flying back towards a dark spot in Canterlot, something caught his eye. The princess of friendship, Twilight Sparkle. Storm Feather saw her talking to Sunset back in the library. She didn’t know who he was, so maybe he could talk to her about Sunset!

“Hey! Uh..Princess!” He called out as he landed near her. Twilight turned to look at him. She had a confused look on her face.

“Uh..hi?” She greeted awkwardly.

“Hi, I’m Storm Feathers. Look, I know you have no idea who I am, but I was wondering about something.”

“If you want me to sign the friendship journal, I swear to Cele-”

“What? No, no it’s not about that”

“Oh..Sorry about that. There was just a lot of ponies that wanted my autograph and it’s been driving me crazy.”

“It’s ok...So, um, I saw you at the library today and I was hoping I could talk to you about something.”

“Oh, ok. Is everything alright?”

“Kinda..you were with Sunset Shimmer, right?”

Twilight’s eyes widened. “Wait. You know Sunset?”

“Yes, I do. Please, do you know where she is?”

“Well, yes I do, but-”

“Take me to her! Please, I need to see her.”

“I’m sorry, but I don’t think I could do that.”

“What do you mean?” Storm Feather’s eyes narrowed.

“Look, I can’t take you to her.”

“Why?!” Storm Feather angrily asked.

“I just can’t. It’s classified.”

“Classified? That’s stupid! Aren’t you supposed to be the princess of FRIENDSHIP! I just want to see her!” He yelled.

“I can’t and won’t take you to her and that’s final! I’m sorry,” Twilight said finished sadly. She turned away from him and walked towards the train station that she would ride to go back to Ponyville.

Storm Feather growled and prepared to attack her before guards showed up. ‘Dang it! They must of heard me’. Storm quickly flew away in hopes of getting away. Unfortunately, three pegasus guards flew after him. Storm Feather flew faster and grinned as he saw big group of clouds. He flew into them to and lost the guards. Storm Feather glanced down in time to see the train Twilight Sparkle took. He smiled.

“I’m coming Sunshine,” he whispered as remembered the nickname he gave her.

Storm Feather picked up the books he knocked into when he crashed in the room. He was actually exhausted. He had left Griffonstone just three days ago. As he was flying he ran out of energy and crashed into window. He felt a nice warm glow as he suddenly gained strength. He turned to the unicorn who had her horn surrounded by her magical aura. He was honestly surprised that she helped him. After all, he had just crashed into her room and teased her.

“You looked tired,” she said noticing his stare. Storm Feather blushed as he looked away and mumbled a thanks. He didn’t know a lot about ponies, but he knew that a spell she had just used was hard for somepony her age. Sunset was obviously talented. That’s probably why she’s in the Canterlot Castle. He remembered the angry look she gave him when she teased her. He grinned.

“So...you really thought I was a zombie?” Storm Feather asked. Sunset Shimmer blushed and turned to glare at him. Storm Feather’s grin grew bigger. She was so cute when she looked mad. Storm Feather blushed thinking of the little pout she did. He shook his head. ‘Stop thinking that’ he said to himself.

“Whatever, you still have to tell me why your here,” she grumbled. Storm Feather frowned. He did have to explain to her. What should he say. ‘My dad left and my mom died, so I left Griffonstone’ he thought. No, that’s too personal. After thinking a bit he sighed.

“I...ran away. Wanted to start fresh, ya know?” Storm sighed. Sunset looked at him.

“What about your parents? Wouldn’t they be worried?” She questioned. Storm Feather just glared at her.

“That’s none of your business. I answered your question and I’m just about to finish cleaning. After that, I’m going. You won’t even remember me. Besides you won’t understand,” he said bitterly. Sunset flinched at the tone he used.

“Ok geez. I was just curious,” Sunset said, “And don’t say that I won’t understand. I wanted to run away from here at one point too.”

“Really?” Storm Feather asked raising an eyebrow. Sunset just nodded. “Why?” he asked.

“Look, you didn’t say why you ran away, so I’m not going to say why I wanted to either.” Sunset said. Storm Feather look at her. After another moment of silence was put to an end by his growling tummy. Storm Feather blushed.

“Sorry..” he apologized. Sunset looked at him. Their eyes met and Storm Feather could see concern in the unicorn’s eyes.

“You want food?” She offered.

“Uh..yes please.” Storm Feather responded. Sunset looked at him for a moment before leaving the room. After waiting for ten minutes, Sunset returned with pancakes and eggs.

“Sorry. I don’t know what you like, but I hope pancakes are good. Also I heard griffons like fish and meat, but, um, we don’t have that, so I just got eggs.” she said, placing the food in front of him.

“It’s fine. Thanks Sunshine,” Storm Feather said stuffing food in his mouth. Sunset raised her eyebrow.

“It’s Sunset Shimmer bird brain,” Sunset said. Storm Feather looked up at her.

“I know, but Sunshine is a cute name for you,” he teased. Sunset blushed and looked away.

“Whatever.”