//------------------------------//
// The Last Day of School 
// Story: Studying (with) You 
// by PonyPlays2014 
//------------------------------//

 "Hearth's Warming Day, and therefore, our Hearth's Warming Dance is right around the corner and so are our first big exams! I'm sure you all will make us proud and prove to us, but most importantly to yourself, that you understand the Magic of Friendship. Miss Rarity, Miss Rainbow Dash, Miss Fluttershy, Miss Pinkie Pie, Miss Applejack, Guidance Counselor Starlight Glimmer and Secretary Spike will help you when there are questions. In case there are more complicated problems you can come to me but only if there is no other way. I wish you good luck and fun today! And study hard!"


With those words the weekly announcement from Principal Twilight Sparkle finds her end and the class finally starts. Today's first, and only, subject is Generosity. Rarity tells the entire class to wait for her so she can gather the materials she prepared for their study sessions. 

"I will be right back, okay Darlings?", she says before leaving the room and the second she closes the door the entire classroom breaks out in a mixture of groans. whispers and the sound of quills leaving their marks on paper.


The class consists of Sunflower, a light-yellow coated young pegasus-mare with two lime-green pigtails, Faint Breeze, a silver coated young earth-stallion with a short, black mane and tail, Hazel, a chocolate-brown coated young earth-mare with a lighter brown long mane and a short tail, Velvet, a lilac coated young unicorn-mare with beautiful blue locks, Sandbar, a pale lime-green coated young earth-stallion with a moderate cyan and brilliant arctic blue mane and tail, Smolder, a young female Dragon with orange scales, Yona, a brown furred female Yak, Silverstream, a, as her name already reveals, silver Hippogriff, Gallus, a male griffon with intense blue feathers and a pale-yellow undersite, and Ocellus, a shy female Changeling with a pale-turquoise coat.

"I can't believe how fast the last few months went by", Ocellus whispers to her five friends, who took their seats in the first two rows, "Finally I can prove how much I have learned here. Thorax will be so proud!"

While she is full of bliss the rest of them are unsure what to make of Twilight's announcement. Smolder and Gallus exchange a look and both shrug. Quickly after that Gallus continues to draw a few circles on his paper.

"Eh", the dragon contributes to their conversation, "I don't know why we have to write exams on 'Friendship'."

She uses her claws to put her last word in invisible quotation marks before continuing her opinion.

"I mean, isn't friendship something you just... know? What kind of questions do they even want to ask? 'What would you do if your friend ask for your help? A) Ignore him, B) Tell him you're busy or C) Agree to help him because you are a great friend!' Please..."

The other laugh but the hippogriff behind Gallus begins to think.

"Ohh! Ohh! A, no wait... B! No... C? D?"

As usual, Silverstream doesn't understand sarcasm and seriously tries her best to answer Smolder's fake question.

"There was no D Silverstream", Sandbar points out with a hearty laugh following his words.

"So... Is it D?", the hippogriff asks again and finally gets her answer from Gallus.

"Yeah, sure. It is whatever you want because a friend is always right. That's part of friendship, right? Right!"

He focuses the hippogriff behind him and glares at her for about a second before he turns his attention back to his paper. The other look at him and then at each others faces.

"Are you alright? You seem a little bit... grumpy today", Sandbar asks his buddy next to him but instead of an answer he gets a glance from the busy griffon.

"Gallus is mad?" Yona asks but again the blue male doesn't answer.

Before they could investigate more Rarity returns, levitates their tables, chairs and the students sitting on them around a big stage and hands out their papers with topics they need to know before their exam.


"Please take one from the pile and give the rest to your neighbor. We will talk about the individual topics briefly and then we will continue where we left of last time", the white unicorn explains while the stack of paper travels through the class.
She takes a quick look around to make sure everyone is provided with the information before she starts.
"We discussed how someone can show Generosity in daily life and which different forms of Generosity there is. We also took a few lessons to figure out what you should do when someone will or can not accept your generous help. The last topic we discussed was what happens when you are too generous with your friends. Then we changed our interest to fashion, your second subject, and I explained to all of you how to use a sewing machine and how to perform stitches on different fabrics. We will finish this today with the two remaining fabrics, velvet and chiffon. I will show you how it is done and then you can try it for yourself."


Time passes by as Rarity shows her students how to work with those very sensitive fabrics and as she hands out the sewing machines to her students.

"Alright everyone! Time for experiences!", the white-coated unicorn exclaims with excitement and the young males and females begin their work. 

Yona has some difficulties with placing the fabric but with Ocellus help she figured it out very fast. Velvet lost her ball of yarn while she was busy preparing her machine but luckily it rolled directly underneath Smolder's desk. She fetches it and gives it back to her before continuing with her own work. Everyone is eager to learn but Gallus seems to be the only one who isn't even trying to do anything.

"Stupid, stupid, stupid...", he mumbles before turning off his machine, which is hasn't used anyway, and just begins to read the pieces of paper Rarity gave them.

Sandbar already understands how it works so he offers his help to his classmates but no one needs him right now so he sits at his desk and observes the others. It doesn't take him long to notice Gallus and so, thinking that he might has a problem, he stands up and heads for his seat.

"Hey Gallus, can I help you with something? I know it's seems difficult but with a few little tricks I could-"

"No. I don't need your help. I can do it on my own.", the griffon quickly interrupts the stallion without even looking at him.

Gallus is known for his rough personality but somehow he sounded not like himself today. The change in his voice startles Sandbar and, with a worried expression on his face, he backs off and returns to his seat while keeping his eyes focused on the blue male.


The rest of the period went by and Miss Rarity ends the lesson with a big grin.

"I'm so proud of all of you and I'm sure you will do great in the exam. That's all for now so please use your time to repeat what I've taught you and I will see all of you in two weeks. I already wish you the best of luck."

"Thank you Miss Rarity", the class replies and everyone gets off their seats and leaves the room.

"Gallus? You coming?", Yona asks as she notices that the griffon is still at his desk looking at his papers.

"Go ahead. I will catch up with all of you", he answers, again, without even moving his eyes away from the information in front of him.

The yak turns around and leaves the room, leaving Gallus behind alone with his thoughts. A few seconds go by before a sigh fills the room. Gallus drops his head on the table in front of him and stays silent until a female voice asks him something.

"Gallus, Darling? Why are you still here? The others already left you know", the white unicorn asks her student but he just stands up and excuses himself before leaving the room and closing the door behind him.


He walks across the corridors before a well-known voice calls out for him

"Hey Gallus, I was wondering for how long you would sit in there", the pony says as he points his hoof to the door the griffon closed.

Sandbar was waiting for him next to a locker after Yona told them about what happened. The griffin just looks at him and continues his way towards the cafeteria to get a snack but his friend grabs him by the wing. The sudden pressure startles him and he stops his movement and glares at the pony.

"S-sorry but the group wants to meet in the garden behind the school. Do you want to come?", Sandbar asks him with a shaky voice but the griffon's glare turns into another sigh as he turns around and follows his friend to the garden.

Even before entering the garden Silverstream's voice finds it's way into their ears.

"Looks like they are waiting for us", the stallion jokes before opening the, with glass decorated, door and entering the beautiful garden.


The griffon follows him quickly and they make their way towards a group of four females, who are already waving at them. The garden is big and showcases a giant redwood, different kinds of colorful flowers and even a little river leading from the waterfall through the garden and around the school to pour into the lake in front of the school.

"They are here! They are here! I knew he could get him to come!", Silverstream celebrates as she spots the two males heading towards them, "Good job Sandbar! Hooray!"

The sudden praise causes the lime-green pony to blush as he sits down next to Silverstream and Gallus, who takes his place at the same time he does, to complete the circle they form.

"Alright! Now that we have some time... Let's talk about the exams", Ocellus suggests which, again, results in groans and much displeasure.

"Again?", the orange dragon complains, "What is there to talk about? You study, you write the exam and you either fail or pass. That's it! There is nothing more to it."

"Smolder smart. Exams sound easy", the yak agrees but Ocellus had something else in mind when she brought up the topic.

"No, I mean maybe we could help each other out. If someone has problems with a topic we could help and study together. That way studying can be fun and we can spend time together instead of alone", the Changeling explains and it looks like the idea clicks well with the other creatures.


"That's a great idea!", Sandbar applauds his friend and Silverstream flies a barrelroll in excitement while exclaiming how much she loves the idea.

"So, does anyone need help with something?", Ocellus asks and, after thinking about it for a while, Smolder raises her claw.

"I really, really don't get Ancient Equestrian History. Principal Twilight does her best but I can't remember anything. Also I think I could need some help with Miss Fluttershy's Kindness lessons. I just don't get it! if someone is sad why bother cheering him up? If he doesn't want to be happy why force him to be?"

"I could help you with Twilight's topics. I love history!", Ocellus offers her help and Silverstream combines that offer with her own.

"And I can help you with Kindness. I love her lessons. They are always so happy and, well, kind!"

A gentle smile appears on the dragon's face and she gratefully accepts her friends offer. Gallus, who is still silent looks at his dragon friend and sees how happy she is now that she found help.

If she can ask for help I can do it too... I think...

He lets out another sigh as he raises his claw, causing the hippogriff to gasp in surprise.

"Whaaaaaaaaat! What what what what wh-", she almost shouts before Sandbar's hoof covers her mouth to give Gallus the opportunity to speak.

"Since Smolder is ready to accept help I will ask for it too", the griffon explains himself, "I really need help with Miss Rarity's Generosity lessons. Would someone help me under-"

"I'll help you!", the stallion interrupts his friend abruptly and raises his hoof, "I am really good at it. I'm sure I can explain it to you in no time."

Gallus lowers his claw again and he forces a smile and thanks his friend for his support.

"Thanks... I guess?"

"Yona? Do you need help with anything?", Ocellus asks her but the cheerful yak shakes her head.

"No, Yaks are best at exams! Yak will pass."

Ocellus, Silverstream and Sandbar don't need help either so they can concentrate on their own students for now.

"Well, I think we got everyone covered", the Changeling declares with a joyful voice.

With those words the spontaneous meeting comes to an end. Yona makes her way back to her dorm and Ocellus, Smolder and Silverstream head for the cafeteria to eat something, leaving the two boys behind.


"So", Sandbar tries to start a conversation, "Do you want to come to my dorm in two hours or so? I need to get something from the market and run a few errands first."

"Sure, I guess", the griffon replies with a voice that is filled with an awkward feeling.

"Great! See you later then Gallus."

The lime-green stallion exits the garden through the door they entered it and Gallus flies his way to his dorms to relax until it's study-time.

Yeah..., he thinks to himself as he feels something aching in his stomach, great...