> The Brother's Adventure 3
>  by lightningman
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Chapter 1 - Dealing with the Scorpions
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's been 3 days since Lightningman left. Ever since I've had to deal with the remaining Red Scorpions. Any gang members that would be sent out of the building, I would immediately stop them and beat the crap out of them. It's gotten to the point that the gang members are so scared that they have to order food into the headquarters. You would think they would bolster their security more throughout the entire building, but I've been focussing my efforts on making it look like I'm trying to get through the front door. So they put all of their guards there. When in reality, I've been working on the place that Lightningman suggested to me. I gently open up the door to the side of the building. I activate Shadowwalk and attach myself to the ceiling. I was wandering around for a while before I started to hear voices.
"Boss! Our defences on the front door have been finished. If someone unrecognized comes within 5 feet of the door, the alarm will go off." I enter the room to see a large muscular man standing at attention in front of a mahogany desk. I groaned internally at the classic villain cliche.
"Good. Have you figured out who we're dealing with?"
"We don't know who he really is sir, But the rumours are that this person is Voidic."
"Voidic?" Asked the boss. I finally got a clear look at him. He was shorter and much less muscular than the man in front of him. But something about him just made my mind go off bells and red flags. I frown and the boss mirrored me. "You mean that small-time superhero that dealt with those three thugs a month ago?"
"None other than." The man shivered slightly as the Boss looked at him over top of the shades he was wearing.
"Bring him to me. Alive." The man saluted and left the room quickly. I slowly used shadow walk to slide onto the floor. The boss was rubbing his face exhaustedly. "This was supposed to be a simple operation. Intimidate some people, get protection money from them. Deal drugs. All of that stuff, But now I have a superhero to deal with." I end shadow walk.
"Hello." I spoke and made the boss jump.
"How did you get in here? GU..." I cut him off with my hand. I used blink to get beside him. I saw his hand moving to grab something. I grabbed and twisted it with my other hand. The boss yelled in pain.
"Now listen to me. You can see what I'm capable of. You see that you will never be able to stop me from destroying everything you made." I growl at him. The boss's eyes were hardened. But I could see just the slightest glimmer of fear in them. I removed my hand.
"What do you want? Money?"
"No. I want you to take down The Red Scorpions on your own terms. I will give you a week." I turn away and was just about to begin Shadowwalk.
"Or what?" The Boss growled at me. I stop, but my hand was still glowing. I raise it and the light hits the mask under my hood.
"Or I will. You do not want that. I will make sure that each and every single member of your gang is humiliated and has nothing to fall back on. You will have nowhere to run that I will not be able to find you. This is your chance to have your gang go on the straight and narrow. If you do not take it down now? I do a thumbs down and drive my thumb into his desk, cracking it. "This will be all of you." 
I activate shadow walk and leave. Or so it seems. I just appear to leave but I stay on his ceiling to make sure that he follows through on what I told him to do. He seemed shaken for a few seconds before he took a deep breath.
"GUARD!!!" He yelled. Someone ran inside.
"Yes, boss?" He asked concerned.
"Get all of the remaining Red Scorpions. I have an announcement that everyone will need to hear." He sighs. "This is the end of us."
"W-What?" The guard asked shocked.
"JUST GO!!!" He yelled and the guard ran away. The boss got up and left. I followed. It was just then that I realized how large this place was. It could house a whole army comfortably for a few weeks. The boss took the first left and entered into a kind of Auditorium. He stood on the stage. After about 10 or 15 minutes, Scorpions began to trail in and sit down. They all looked worried. They kept stealing glances at The Boss, but his face was unhelpfully blank. Once everyone was inside, all of the seats were full. Some were sitting on the floor and some others were leaning against the wall.
"Attention everybody." The boss said quietly into his microphone that he grabbed off a nearby speaker. Everyone fell silent. "It has come to my attention that we are backed against a wall here." He looked up. "Now you all know me. You know that I don't give up. But this? This something that we will not be able to fight." Everyone was muttering and frowning. "We've caught the attention of Voidic." Silence. "Some of you may not know who he is. Some of you may know who he is, but are wondering 'He's just one guy, Why are we scared of him?' Well... We just talked." Everyone widened their eyes. "Yes, He got past our defences. I don't know how. But I sure as hell know why. He wants the Red Scorpions taken down. He came to me with a warning. Take down the Red Scorpions on my own terms, and let you leave these lives of crime to do something good. Or He would take us down and humiliate us. He promised that not even I would escape it."
"Well, We should go and take him down before he can do it!" Yelled a Scorpion member. There were yells of agreement. I could sense an uprising. I use shadow walk to stand beside The Boss. I end it and yells of shock happened as I stood up.
"LISTEN TO ME!! I yelled. My voice was angry, demonic. Even more so with the mask on my face. Everyone fell silent. "What I'm doing is a mercy. I'm allowing you to get your lives back on track. I will give you one chance. The boss said that he wanted to take The Red Scorpions down. So Now it's your choice. Do you go back to a life a crime and allow me to ruin your lives? Or do you go the good way? I know that some of you had no choice in the matter in joining the Red Scorpions. So I'm gonna give you guys some benefits. If you joined them because you needed money? You can sell some of the stuff that is currently in your hideouts that are scattered around Medicine Hat. You joined them because you already had a criminal past and they were your only hope of getting free? We'll go talk to the police and see about getting you a lighter sentence. I truly want to help you. But if you decide to go against me? You will go to jail. All your money? Gone! And that money will go to the people that need it. So decide now. Stand up here with us if you want to go good. Get good careers. Support a family. I wince internally at the word 'family' And It was almost as if The Boss could sense it. He shot a sidelong glance at me. "You want to stay criminals? Then stay sitting." AFter a few seconds of silence. Someone got up and climbed the stage to stand along with us. Slowly, more and more people began to stand alongside us. Once it was over, only 4 people were left sitting.
"Why are you still sitting?" Asked The Boss
"We don't want to leave the Scorpions. Well... More accurately, we don't want to leave you guys. You guys are our friends, Even some of you are our family. What will happen if we dissolve this group?" The boss and I look at each other. Before he looks at them.
"We'll keep in touch. I promise."
"Really?" They brightened up. The boss nods and they join the stage with us.
"So everyone is decided? Good. Now If Everyone with the criminal past, Let's go talk to the police." A few of them gulped.
"Um. Are you sure this will work?"
"Am I positive? Not at all. Am I pretty sure? Yeah." After about a half hour of walking, we were in front of the police station. I open the door to see the police were prepared for us.
"FREEZE! You all are under arrest. Voidic, I knew you were too good to be true."
"Wait! They want to be good people now. In fact, I managed to convince the remains of The Red Scorpions to stand down! I managed to make a deal with them. Some of them needed money fast, so they're selling some of their hideout stuff to get money. They guys wanted out of prison life, So I brought them here to talk to you about a lighter sentence. Possibly parole. Please. Just give them a chance." I hold up my hands in front of me while the red scorpion behind me held their hand above their head. The police officers looked at each other before a few lowered their guns.
"Fine, But we still need to take you in for vigilantism." Said the Police Chief. The police chief reached for my hood before I backed up and my hand was glowing subconsciously.
"NO!" I panicked. Everyone was surprised. "My work is still needed. Maybe not on the streets. But for sure at my school." Everyone froze when I say that and I slapped my hand to mouth.
"Y-your still in school?" Asked the Chief. "A-are you lightningman?" He asks.
"No." I sigh and shake my head. "He's my brother. He's the one that told me to watch over Medicine Hat while He's gone."
"Gone? Gone where?"
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you." I shake my head. I look straight into his eyes and I could see him shiver as he saw my mask. "I will not go under arrest. Just talk to these people and come up with a deal that will satisfy the both of you. Please. Besides. I smirk. "You really think you can hold me?" I raise my glowing hand and activate shadow walk.
