//------------------------------//
// BACKSTORY AND CHARACTER INFO 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

Storm Feathers:
He is a griffon that was born in Griffonstone. Even though his home was like a dump, it never bothered him. He had a loving and caring mother, but his father was just like all the other griffons who are mean and greedy. Storm was never abused in anyway, but it was obvious that his dad didn't love him. His dad left them when Storm was 5 years old. His only friend was his mom who died because of a sickness when he was 7 years old. 

Storm left Griffonstone in search of a better home a few months after his mom died. After flying for 3 days, he ran out of energy and crashed into Sunset's room in the Canterlot Castle. Both Storm and Sunset were about 7 years old when they met. Storm Feather is older. Thanks to Sunset, Storm had a secret room in the Canterlot Castle where he could call home.This is when Storm started having a small crush on her. His love for her grows as the years pass. Hesitant, Storm Feather does tell Sunset what happened to his parents after living with her for an entire week. This causes Sunset to tell him about her life, more specifically, about her strict parents. Even though Sunset didn't count him as a friend because of how stubborn she is, Storm Feather thought of Sunset as one. 

When both of them were about 14, Sunset suddenly vanished. Without Sunset to help him hide from the guards, Storm Feather was found and kicked out of the castle. Now that Storm Feather lost his home, he spent about 2 years searching for Sunset. During those 2 years, Storm learned how to steal. After 2 years searching for Sunset, Storm gave up and went back to Canterlot. He found an old shack in a dark and unknown part of Canterlot. That shack becomes his home and he becomes a well known thief in Canterlot.

Then, he sees Sunset in the library and is now following Twilight to find her. He is currently 17 years old.

Sunset Shimmer:
Sunset Shimmer is a unicorn that was born in Canterlot. Her parents were prideful ponies who only cared about themselves and their reputation. They didn't want her to ruin their image so they were harsh on her. They punished her for the littlest thing and said that if she failed them, they would leave her. Sunset didn't want this to happen, so she pushed herself and became very talented in magic. 

She joined Princess Celestia's school when she was 5 years old. When Sunset was 6 years old, a colt about 2 years older than her tried to bully her. She lost her temper and used powerful magic to burn him. This gave Sunset her cutie mark, but she got in big trouble. Her parents were furious and left her. Sunset wanted to run away, but before she could, Princess  Celestia came up to her and offered Sunset to be her personal student because she saw Sunset's potential. Princess Celestia gave Sunset a room in the Canterlot Castle and word got out that she was her star pupil. This convinced her parents to go back to her, but only to get an even better reputation. Sunset was happy and relieved her parents gave her another chance.

Sunset Shimmer didn't have friends. She was an outcast to the others, so she was lonely. She had Princess Celestia, but  she was often busy with her duties. When Sunset was 7, she met Storm Feather. She didn't want to admit it, but she liked his company. They grew closer as time went on which causes Sunset to fall in love with Storm Feather when she was 10.

Sunset's life was going great until she was 13. Her parents had abandoned her. They said that Sunset was not good enough for them anymore. She was old news. Sunset was depressed and frustrated. She didn't know what she had to do to earn her parents respect and love. She got meaner and bitter.

Princess Celestia noticed this and thought that showing her a magical mirror might cheer her up. Once Sunset looked into the mirror she saw herself as an alicorn. She started to believe that if she became an alicorn princess, her parents will forever accept her. Sunset did a lot of bad things in order to see what could make her a princess. Because of this, Princess Celestia tried talking to her. She said that Sunset wasn't ready for that. This just caused Sunset to snap. She thought that Princess Celestia was holding her back for selfish reasons. After the argument, Sunset Shimmer had enough and ran away into the mirror. She was 14.

Now, Sunset learned the error of her ways and the magic of friendship. She is currently 17.