> Sunshine
>  by Nathan Hon
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Warm as the Sun
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was a lovely evening in Equestria. Everypony was slowly retreating back to their homes as the glorious sun started to set, and make way for the gracious light of the moon.

At the friendship castle, Nathan and Twilight just returned from another date. They became a couple not long ago, but they already have a very strong connection and loved each other lots.

Nathan let out a little yawn. “So... How was today, sweetie?”

“It’s great, Nate,” Twilight replied, kissing him on the cheek. “I mean, sure. It’s a little far to get from Ponyville to Las Pegasus but we can teleport so...”

They shared a friendly laugh.

“I don’t have the best plans, Twi. But I’m glad you liked it,” Nathan kindly said, before kneeling down to rub his girlfriend’s furry cheeks, and gave a peck on the horn.

“Aww, you’re so sweet,” Twilight replied, a blush taking over her face as she wrapped a wing around Nathan. “Come on, let’s get some rest.”


But upon entering their room, Nathan spotted something on his desk, with his recording setup.

“What’s this?” He asked, walking to his desktop. “Oh, it’s a letter. From... *gasp* Princess Celestia?”

Twilight gasped. “Did you do something bad recently? I couldn’t think why she would send you a letter all of a sudden...”

“No I didn’t...” Nathan answered curiously, unwrapping the letter.

When he read through it, he sighed in relief as it wasn’t anything bad. It read:


Dear Nathan,

I really thank you for your contributions to the war we’ve won a year or two ago, and since your return, you have become such a wonderful and loyal ally to us ponies. I know you are a great and wise human and I know you don’t do things for the reward. But I simply can’t find another solution to say thank you enough. Because of this, I have a little favor and kind of a reward to ask of you.

Just meet me at the castle. The guards should know that you’re coming, but just in case they ask you, tell them I wanted to see you.

Don’t keep me waiting! :)

-Princess Celestia


“Wow... The princess wants to see you?” Twilight asked. “For what?”

“I don’t know,” Nathan answered, folding the letter and putting it in his pocket. “But... Why in the evening out of all time of day? Hmmm...” He had a thought but denied it. “No, no. That can’t be right. She’s not that open, is she?”

Twilight heard his words and giggled. “You know, she can be really open to ponies who are close to her. Like me!”

Nathan smiled. “I guess I’ll find out when I get there,” He said, taking his bag, then walking back to her. “I’ll be right back, sweetheart. And, in case if what I’m thinking her favor is is true... Let’s just say I’m gonna have a good sleep tonight.”

Twilight playfully chuckled at his words.

“Alright, I won’t keep her waiting for too long,” He continued, giving Twilight a lovely kiss. “Night, Spark. Love you.”

The pony blushed and returned another one on the lips. “You too. I love you.”


As soon he got to the castle, he was walking to the throne room as he roamed through the giant hallways. He admired the architecture and paintings displayed.

“It such a quiet place here... I wonder if Celestia wanted to see me because of it?”

Nathan eventually started walking in circles and didn’t exactly know where to go. Thankfully, he met a certain princess along the way, specifically at the hallway with the stained glass paintings of the mane six. He peeked in there a bit, and called out to her.

“Princess Luna?”

The princess turned, and smiled. “Oh, it’s just you. I heard that my sister wished to see you, Nathan.”

“Y-Yeah, but I...” He chuckled and blushed in embarrassment. “I’m getting a little lost in here. You know the way, right?”

Luna nodded. “I’ll just teleport you there. You may thank me later.”

Nathan bowed with a grin. “Thanks, your highness. Have a good night.”

A second later, he popped right in front of the doors of Celestia’s big bedroom. The doors, coloured orange, resembled the rays of the sun and the Royal princess’ cutie mark. Nathan can’t wait for this special meetup.

He took the big gold ring handle and knocked on the door. A loud sound echoed and he stopped.

And then- He heard the most beautiful and angelic voice, even better than his sweetheart Twilight’s. He started blushing in excitement.

“Nathan, you there?”

“Yes, your highness. It’s me.”

She chuckled. “Come in.”

He opened the doors, and gasped in awe. It was a relatively big room and the furniture looked amazing, and sitting on the Queen-sized orange bed, was the one that gave Nathan chills of excitement.

“I’m glad you came,” Celestia said, smiling while lying on the bed.

Nathan bowed before her. “Y-Your highness! You asked to see me, correct? I cannot simply express how thankful I am upon receiving your request.”

Celestia giggled as she slowly slid off her bed. She walked to the human and held his head up, with a big smile.

“Please, Celestia is fine,” She kindly said. “There’s no need for that, for I consider you as a friend.”

Nathan’s eyes sparkled. Prior to coming to Equestria, he never had a lot of friends, especially during his teenage years. He was a victim of severe bullying and harassment. Because of this, isolation plagued his mind, so being a friend of Twilight was already a big thing for him, let alone being a friend of Celestia, the highest-class princess of the pony kingdom!

“R-Really?” Nathan asked.

She chuckled. “Of course,” She kindly lifted him up to his feet. “I’ve heard a lot about the humans from Twilight and Frisk. They have had a long history and I can’t even believe they still exist despite all the battling!” Chills ran down her throat. “They’re selfish and they’re harsh, is that correct?”

“Well... Not all of them,” Nathan corrected. “But for all I know, I despised their cruel actions.”

“I can see that. You were very happy to move to Equestria,” Celestia said. “You’ve been an amazing ally for us back in the war and without you, we might have been eradicated. You have my warmest thanks for your kindness.”

She slightly bowed, and Nathan blushed as he shook her hoof.

“No, princess. Thank you for being so open with me,” He replied. “It is I who shall give the warmest of thanks.”

Celestia hummed in agreement and lied on her bed, relaxed.

“Princess, I know you called me for something,” Nathan said. “What is it?”

Celestia blushed. “Well... I wanted to ask you... A little something. But... Do you mind if you come up here, for a moment?”

Upon hearing the words, Nathan felt a blush taking over his face. She wants to snuggle me? He thought. He turned away, hoping she wouldn’t recognize.

“Something wrong?”

He turned back and shook his hands. “N-No! Of course not! It’s just...”

Celestia flashed a charming smile. “Come on, I know you do this with Twilight a lot. And... I just wanted to have someone to accompany me. The nights can get lonely, now that Luna and I don’t sleep together anymore...”

Nathan covered his face, which is now red as an apple. “B-But... Oh, you’re such a wonderful and prestigious ruler. Who am I to accept this? Come on, I know I’m great, but I come nowhere close to-“

He was silenced by a magic tug from Celestia, who looked at him with her sparkling and gorgeous eyes.

“Pretty please?” She asked, kissing him on the forehead.

At last, Nathan finally gave in. “Haha, alright, alright. I’ll snuggle with you.” He playfully patted her head.

Celestia gasped and clopped her hooves as she pulled him onto the bed excitedly. She nuzzled her head on top of Nathan’s in content and wrapped her hooves around his body. Nathan didn’t know what to do- He was too shy to act.

“Are you alright?” Celestia asked as she loosened her grip a bit. “D-Did I get... Carried away, perhaps?”

The human chuckled. “Hahaha, no. Of course not. It’s just... I’m really, really shy. Especially when doing personal moments like this.”

“Don’t worry,” Celestia comforted. “It’s not like I’ll send you to the moon or anything.” They had a light chuckle. “Just relax, my friend. You’re lucky to have this chance.”

Nathan smiled, closed his eyes, and gently wrapped the princess in a warm embrace. Seconds later, he purred in content and started nuzzling against her chest, the soft, snowy white fur making the action very soothing and comfortable. It felt as if he was cuddling a fluffy cloud.

“Mmmmm... You’re so soft, Tia...” Nathan whispered.

Celestia’s ear perked up the moment he said her nickname. “Interesting, I didn’t know you knew my nickname. Only Luna calls me that. Guess I’ll let you do the same.”

Her hooves slowly rubbed the human’s back in an up and down pattern, making him feel much more at ease. Nathan responded by running his fingers through the adorning rainbow mane she had. It was a definite sensation. He moved his hand down and started petting her.

“You’re good at this,” Celestia commented, letting out a hum of joy.

He chuckled as he nuzzled deeper. “I’ve always liked cuddling. Problem is, I can’t find people to do it with and... Yeah, I’m shy.”

“Oh, really?” She giggled. “I love giving hugs to everypony too. I experience the same thing as you; Just because I’m royalty and all that, sometimes... My subjects get shy. I can understand that.” She let go a little to look at Nathan. “I’m glad you’re here. I... I need friends to be with. Being a ruler and working all the time makes me feel... Lonely. And Twilight leaving me to go to Ponyville to persue her studies didn’t help me.”

Nathan shuffled upwards to look at her in the eye lovingly. “Don’t be lonely,” He said kindly, taking her hoof. “I can be here with you whenever you need me.”

“R-Really?”

“Of course!”

“Oh, thank you!” She squeaked in utter joy, pulling Nathan into a tight hug, leaving him little room for escape.

“*laughing* Okay! Okay! Too strong, Tia!” He coughed out as she loosened her grip. “But seriously... Yeah, I’ll love to snuggle with you again.”

“So do I,” Celestia agreed. “Hey, wanna hear a funny story about me and Luna?”

“Sure! Just let me turn a bit,” Nathan replied as he turned to rest his back against Celestia’s chest. Now they’re spooning together. What a weird life this human has had. “Just wanted to deepen the moment and listen better.”

Celestia beamed and agreed to be the big spoon, her hooves wrapped around the human.

“Well, this one time when we were fillies, we were playing hide-and-seek in the old castle,” She began. “I wanted to prank her a little, so I kept teleporting everywhere so Luna couldn’t find me. She was still young and didn’t learn the spell yet. When she returned to our bedroom looking blue, I jumped out from behind and surprised her!”

“Wow, I never seen this side of you, Celestia!” Nathan was giggling. “You had a sense of playfulness back then?”

“Oh, of course I did,” Celestia answered. “It doesn’t end there; When we made up and we’re going to sleep, Luna even kissed me on the cheek! And we cuddled for the whole night!”

He gasped. “Awww! That’s so cute!”

“Haha, I know,” She said, then sighed. “I wish we could do it again.”

All of a sudden, to her surprise, somepony spoke up.

“Tia! I thought we agreed to keep it secret!”

The two jumped up in shock and held each other.

“Gah! P-Princess Luna!” Nathan cried, feeling beads of sweat running down his neck. “We’re totally not talking about any stories between you and Celestia and we’re totally not cuddling!” He turned. “Right?”

Luna gave a cold smile and laughed. “I can see you both holding each other, you know.”

All three of them giggled.

“Oh, Luna. Such great timing you have,” Celestia said as she walked over to hug her sister.

She chuckled. “Hey Tia, how’s your hangout with him going?”

Both of them blushed deeply. Celestia and Nathan looked at each other with a smile.

“Any affection, perhaps?” Luna teased playfully, nudging. “I can see Twilight getting jealous, hmmm~?”

“Wh-Luna!” Celestia replied with a little fire in her voice. They started having a slap-fight with each other. Nathan cut between them when they started to argue a little, even though they didn’t mean it.

“Okay!” He said, using his magic to separate them. “How about we just settle down with some nice cuddling, alright?”

Luna’s eyes sparkled and her ear she perked up. “Ooooooh! I absolutely love snuggling!” She giggled, her hooves clopping on the ground in excitement.

“Haha, okay, okay, settle down, Luna,” Nathan said as he patted the Lunar princess head, making her purr in happiness. He popped them onto her bed with magic and looked at the two.

“Well, this is just brilliant.”

“Why?” Celestia asked.

Nathan couldn’t decide- Should he snuggle Celestia or Luna? He looked back and forth, but still couldn’t decide.

“How am I gonna snuggle you both at the same time...?”

The two both blushed, but as soon as their sister hung on their thoughts, their eyes narrowed as they turned to look at each other.

“You’ve been snuggling with him for like, the past 30 minutes or so, Tia,” Luna remarked. “It’s my turn, perhaps?”

“Awwww... But I got here first!” Celestia retorted.

“Doesn’t matter,” Luna said. “I need someone to snuggle with so I can sleep well and do my job right tonight.... Pleaseee?”

“Come on! I don’t want to let go from my new cuddle buddy!” Celestia cried.

As he was surrounded by two magic auras, Nathan facepalmed himself and sighed in annoyance. “Oh, for Twilight's sake...” He thought as the gold and navy auras pulled him back and forth between his fellow two princess friends.

“My turn, Tia!”

“Hmph! No, give him back, Luna!”

“You give him back!”

“No way!”

At this point, Nathan didn’t even want to bother being shook around by two naive princesses. The two sisters drew closer and held him in their hooves and he kept getting tugged side-to-side, keeping a straight, frowning face. Celestia and Luna started to argue with each other.

“*sigh* Your highnesses...”

He could tell they weren’t listening.

“Oh, sure, you think you’re so good at cuddling, Tia...”

“And you think you are, Luna?”

He sighed again, trying to be more informal. “Please, you two...”

“Oh come on, it’s not that bad...” Luna stopped tugging and slammed her horn against her sister’s.

Celestia mirrored the action. “I could quarrel with you all night about it if you want!”

At this point, the two really started to argue and were at the brink of having more little fights with each other. Nathan growled and slammed his face onto the bed.

“Tia! Luna! Stop!” He shouted. “Both of you!”

The two backed off and blushed as they looked away in regret.

“We can all make this simple, alright?” Nathan asked politely. “There’s no need to fight. Luna, I know you want to snuggle with me but this is Celestia’s hangout with me. And Celestia, I know you wanted to do this but I can snuggle Luna as well, no need to be selfish.” He pulled an ear from both of them. “You both have your reasons to sleep with me tonight and I respect that. But I can only choose one, for snuggling both ways makes me feel... A little uncomfortable.”

Both of them nodded.

“Now,” He clapped his hands, spawning a coin. “I have a coin here, one side being the sun and one side being the moon. I’m going to do a coin toss. Whichever symbol lands facing up, she gets to sleep with me, deal?”

“O-Okay...” Celestia nervous agreed.

“I guess that’s alright,” Luna agreed too.

He sighed in relief. “Good!” He flipped the coin into the air, and covered it. “Before I uncover it, both of you, keep an open mind if you lose.”

He revealed it- The sun faced upwards.

“Yes!” Celestia cheered in victory as she cuddled the human.

Luna sighed. “Awwww... Okay...” She started slithering off the bed and wanted to go back to her room. The two were cuddling in content when Nathan got up to tap Luna from behind.

“Hey, don’t be sad!” He said with a smile. “I’ll invite you sometime soon. I promise, okay?”

Luna cried as he wrapped her in a tight hug. “Yay! I’ll be looking forward to it, then!”

“Haha, I knew you’ll be,” Nathan replied. “Before you go, though...” He pulled the two close with magic. “Both of you, apologize.”

The two blushed and looked away a bit before turning.

“I’m sorry, Luna,” Celestia said. “I got harsh.”

Luna nodded. “I’m sorry too, Tia.” She held out a hoof. “Sisters?”

Celestia giggled as she jumped into her hooves. “Sisters.”

Nathan smiled at them making up for the little quarrel. But what made him really surprised was that as they hugged, he heard a kiss- A long one.

“Love you, Tia.”

“Me too, Lulu.”

They pressed their lips together again, deepening their hug. When they let go a minute later, Nathan went to kiss Luna on her hoof.

“I’ll be with you soon. Take care, and sweet dreams, my Lunar princess.” He said.

“You too, our ally.” Luna gave him a brief kiss on the cheek. “See you later!”

After she left, Celestia popped them onto the bed again and Nathan gasped, pulling her head close.

“You two just did what now!?”

Celestia blushed a bright red. “Well... You see... We... We just have a really close connection! And we like each other too.”

Both of them had a laugh as Nathan pulled them back down to rest. Slowly, Celestia lifted the bright orange blankets, with her cutie mark symbol on it, over them as her hooves slid behind the human’s body and Nathan’s arms mirroring the action. They closed their eyes and sighed, relaxed.

It was honestly, the best hug Nathan had. Even better than snuggling with Twilight! The fluffiness of her soft mattress and pillows, followed by the warmth Celestia was providing him just instantly makes him want to dream blissfully in his sleep. He tickled her white fur a little, and she cutely wiggled and let out a few laughs.

“Hey, Tia?”

“Mhmm, Nate?”

“I’ve had a question for a while now, but I never got the chance to ask it.”

They moved their heads to place a forehead kiss.

“You can tell me anything.” She said.

Nathan collected his thoughts for a moment, and asked it. “What did you like about me, that you accepted me to be with you all in the first place?”

It was a sudden question- Celestia didn’t know what to answer at the moment. But as Nathan huddled closer to her, brushing the fur on her back, she grinned.

“Because I see something unique about you.”

“How so?”

She blushed. “When Frisk introduced you and we met for the first time, I loved your charming first impression. You seem to know a lot about us ponies even before you got here. I’ve witnessed your life in Equestria and from what Twilight told me, you have grown so much and now you’re a happy man. Look at what you have, great friends, great home and even a marefriend you’re going out with.”

She held his hand. “She told me how bad your life was in the human world. It was then I felt relieved that I accepted you in. In fact, I was pleased to have you here. Without you, we’ll probably be gone already, from the effects of the war. You’re so talented and caring and I love how you strive for harmony, unlike most other humans. That’s why I think you’re special. I know you neede friends to keep you company and at the same time, you’re such a wonderful and loyal person. I know I sound like we were using you, but that’s so not true, because of the friendships you gave us.”

Celestia was going to continue when she heard small cries coming below her head.

“Awww... Celestia...” Nathan cried, squeezing her body. “Come on, you’re gonna make me cry...”

She giggled and wiped his tears as he nuzzled into the hug. “Shhhhh, it’s okay. I’m glad you came here. Really.”

Nathan stopped crying and looked at her with green, big eyes. Without thinking, he placed his lips on Celestia’s cheek, giving a light kiss. She let out a squeak of surprise.

“Thank you, Tia,” He said. “You and your subjects gave me so much in my life. I’m glad you’re their ruler; So fair and so kind always.”

Celestia started tearing up. Then, she proceeded to kiss Nathan on the lips, making satisfying sounds as they applied pressure to the contact. He blushed as red as blood- He just got kissed, by Celestia? The most powerful pony ruler ever? And he’s not even kissing with Twilight, who is the only pony she ever kissed! Nevertheless, he smiled and eased himself into the moment. He started doing what felt natural- Running his fingers through her mane and pulling her head close.

A minute later they finally separated.

“You’re so very welcome, Nate,” She said, rubbing his cheeks in excitement.

“Haha, you silly filly.”

He covered his mouth, regretting what he just called her. Soon, Celestia bursted out into hysterics and couldn’t utter a word for a minute or two, even though she tried to.

“My, my, you’re the silly one!” She laughed. “Oh, you’re just so adorable sometimes.”

“Haha, thanks. I just slipped my tongue, didn’t mean to.”

“No, no no no! It’s okay! We’re cuddle buddies now, remember?”

“I guess so.”

Celestia turned to let Nathan be the big spoon this time, even though her size was a bit big for him. Nathan cuddled her like she was a plushie back home, nuzzling into her precious fur in cheer. Then he looked out the window- The Moon has been risen.

“Alright, sweet Tia,” He said, letting go. “It’s time to sleep.”

“Awwww... But I wanted to snuggle you more! I can’t get enough of it!” Celestia refused, nuzzling her cheeks on the side of Nathan’s shoulders.

He giggled at how naive she was. “How about this- You can invite me to snuggle and I’ll tell you whether I can come or not anytime, okay?”

She pecked him on the forehead. “Okay.” She gave a boop on his nose, which Nathan gladly returned on her muzzle. They both giggled and nuzzled each other’s noses.

“In the meantime, I’ll sing you a little lullaby to bed,” He said, his voice slowly getting softer as he wanted to drift to sleep. “I sang this when I was young, but only to a normal friend. So this will feel different.”

Taking a breath, he started to sing with a sweet voice. The touching lyrics made a Celestia cry a few tears, and the melody lulled her to sleep. She closed her eyes, smiling as she held the human in her hooves. By the time he finished singing, she was fast asleep like a baby. He used magic to turn off the lights.

“I wish you’ll shine just as bright tomorrow as before, Celestia,” He gave her a kiss on the muzzle. “Sweet dreams, my little sunshine.”
