> One Minute Of Bravery
>  by Michael Hudson
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> A Day at the Theme Park
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Green Thunder sucked in a tight breath as he stepped away from the ticket booth. In one hand, carried a water bottle that he had brought to help mitigate some of the costs of going to the theme park, while in the other, he held a few dozen tickets for the rides at the park. Rollercoasters, vomit comets, or even something like the teacups were all paid for already. After all, the mare of his dreams had said they were going to go on every single one of them, no matter how lame, today.

Rainbow Dash was looking around a bounce in her steps as she spoke about her favorite rides from her childhood. Not that he hadn’t heard about them a dozen times over the past week while they had planned for this trip. It was a celebration for their ten year anniversary of being friends and when they had first met at a theme park just like this one. Back then, she was the brave mare who took no shit from anypony, and he was the gamer who had accidentally bumped into her and was terrified of speaking to mares.

Luckily, even a lame alicorn made him cool enough to carry her prizes for her to make up for the bump, and that had been how they’d first met. Ten years later, and he hadn’t changed much he supposed. He was still some green alicorn with a short, lime green mane. A black shirt with the Pokemon Litten on it adorned was over his smooth chest, while he wore blue jeans that Rainbow made him wear, instead of the sweats he liked.

She though… Green often times didn’t know what to say when he looked at her, especially on days like this. The bright sun shone down on her, as if god was outlining her for him, though that may have been that he often didn’t see more than her when he looked at her. She was in a white shirt too that hid nothing of what was underneath it, from the cyan bra she used to torture him, breasts that were easily twice the size of his head. Watching them sway and bounce, threatening to break out of her bra, just reminded him of all the times he’d been smothered by them, or had them pressed against his back, or, best of all, in the safety of her own roo-

And he needed to stop thinking about them before he got even more excited than he already was! Not that the rest of her was any less exhilarating to him. Despite the fat on her chest, she was smooth everywhere else. The white shirt draped off of her bosom, leaving her soft, flat stomach in plain view for all to admire, while she wore what may as well have been a thong that she just claimed were a pair of shorts on her shapely rear. In fact, when she wore this exact outfit at school,the only thing that got her out of detention was her hair.

Her long, radiant hair. Everyone always praised it for the multiple, neon hues, but he saw more. He saw how thick it was, how one could sink into it, their hands lost to the strands while just trying to pet it. Its length was impressive too, as it covered more of her ass than her shorts did, and even reached to about the middle of her thigh. Not to mention that one time she had thrown some of it in front of her after a shower just to tease him by only using her hair to cover her-

Wow did he need to stop reminiscing, or he was going to need napkins pretty soon. Besides, those were just the sexual parts of Rainbow. What made days like today was how she laughed, or the small smile she would gain when she felt content, or the dozens of stupid jokes she would make, even if they were at his expense.

And he’d pay any price, even theme park prices, to get those moments, even if he knew he had no chance of ever getting the dreams he often had in his mind.

Rainbow finally noticed him walking up and turned to him, her whole body swaying with the spin. It made him swallow hard at the sight of it, while she merely giggled and came up close, almost close enough for her breasts to press against him. What he wouldn’t give to just squeeze them once!

But that wasn’t going to happen today as she simply asked him, “So, what ride shall we go on first? After all, we need to get you ready for the real fun stuff, so maybe we should go to Filly Fields first.”

Green sighed a little internally, before looking past her and at the ride that dominated the park. Death Spiral. Even Wonderbolts called it exhilarating, and it had a minute wind up to five minutes of pure, adrenaline pumping track that took you all throughout the park. Yeah, “Let’s do Death Spiral first.”

Rainbow stopped dead at the words, and he got to watch, for one of the few times he’d ever seen her do this, as she paled at the thought. It wasn’t for long, and she stepped back with a giggle that sounded horribly forced pretty quickly, but it was there. Her words only made it worse as she said, “Really? I mean, that’s, uh, so boring, and I hear it's just the worst. I bet the, uh… something would be better.”

Green could have just called her out for being a horrible liar, as he had a good few times in the past, but this wasn’t for a prank she wanted to pull or anything like that. No, she seemed genuinely afraid, like she really didn’t want to do this, and so he stepped forward and put a hand on her shoulder. “Rainbow, what’s wrong?”

Rainbow glanced away for a moment before looking back at him. He could see the excuses ticking off in her head, as she had natural go tos once she was calmed down, and he waited for any of them to come out. She wasn’t feeling well, or that it was too cheesy to do something.

Instead, she said, “I’m… Afraid of rollercoasters, okay? And I had thought of maybe tackling it today, but doing it first…”

Green frowned a little as he slipped his hand off. She was scared of something like this? There were a dozen reasons why she probably shouldn’t be, but he wasn’t about to say that. After all, she usually had to push him to get past worries others would call silly, so if she was afraid of a ride, who was he to judge.

Not that she needed his words to end up defending herself. It was one of the uglier parts of her, and the side of her that got her into the most trouble. Her stubborn pride. “It’s not like I have a fear of speed or anything by the way. It’s that if I’m going to go careening at the ground, I like to be the cause of it. Not some metal death trap that could go off the rails!”

Green shook his head, holding his hands up as he said, “No, no, that’s not what I was thinking at all. I know you can take on anything, I’m just trying to think of something better to do. Something that deserves your awesome attention instead of some stupid coaster. It can wait after all, right?”

Rainbow stared at him with a look that he… Didn’t recognize, and he could always tell what Rainbow was thinking. Or, so he liked to claim, but right now that was going out the window as she continued to stare at him. It was at about the time that he opened his mouth that she stopped him by grabbing his wrist and dragging him away. “W-Where are we going?”

“Death Spiral, now!”

Green opened his mouth to ask why, before slamming his jaw shut. He knew better than to ask Rainbow something like that when she was this determined. His best hope right now was that it wouldn’t somehow get them both killed. Not that this should… Right?

Rainbow was silent though, and he could tell what she felt now. Mad. Like, bullies mocking her about her math scores mad. Knowing her, she wouldn’t want to even speak until they were off the coaster, but with how she had reacted first to going on it, Green was getting worried. Her rage was a powerful thing, but he didn’t know if it was strong enough for this.

And then there was the minute wind up to the main part of the coaster. With each click of the chain, Rainbow fidgeted more and more. She became paler and paler the higher they got, and her wings were obviously itching to pop out, despite the dangers in that. If he didn’t do something, she would do something they’d all regret.

Not that he had many options, but he went with what he always had to try to get her attention. He reached over, grabbing her hand and squeezing it tightly. It wasn’t going to hurt her, but it would get her attention so she would hear him say, “Don’t worry. Everything will be fine.”

Rainbow turned to him again, her fear giving way to that expression from before. Or, more mixing with it, as well as her looking like she would be sick. Fear, excitement, horror, and nausea were all present, and he wished he could get them to go away. To do something to calm her down and get rid of whatever was going on in her head.

And finally, just before they went over the top, Rainbow did just that as she reached over, grabbed his head, and brought him over for a kiss.

Green had been expecting just about anything else. Her screaming, crying, or even flying off at the last second, but this… It was something he had thought impossible at this point. Things like kissing practice had gotten him close, but she had never committed. Even when she was practically naked and drunk on stolen booze, she would never let him actually touch her, especially like-

And then Green turned his brain off. He didn’t want to think about why right now. He just wanted to focus on this. The wind whipping past his ears faded away as he wrapped his arms back around her, their tongues playing a careful, cautious game in their mouths. They poked, prodded, and finally twisted around each other as the two closed their eyes, lost to the moment as they stayed close.

And the next thing Green knew, he was hearing someone say, “Alright, lovebirds, time to get out already.”

Both of them blinked as they looked up, and Green’s face became bright red as Rainbow pulled him out of his seat. She didn’t wait for him either, as she just ran off from the crowd, dragging him away to somewhere that was a little less noisy, and a little less crowded. At least, as much as she could manage quickly in a park.

And then, they stopped. Green was allowed to finally get to his feet and… They were there. There with a kiss still buzzing in his mind, and Rainbow not looking at him. Just keeping her eyes on the trees just past the fence they were next to. His mind buzzed with questions, but instead of asking them, he just asked the one he’d been prepared to ask from when they first got on the ride.

“How was it?”

Rainbow finally turned to him, her hair covering one side of her face as she stepped over to him, before her arms wrapped around his neck and she pressed her body against his. He could feel every inch of her, feel her breath as stared up at him, and not an inch of his chest was left alone by her heavy bosom.

But he could almost ignore all of that as he heard her say, “With you there, any ride is going to be amazing. Even something as lame as a roller coaster.”

Green was silent, watching the blush on her face slowly grow as they stayed like this, before his arms began to wrap around her and he whispered, “I love you.”

And, just as he leaned in to kiss her, Rainbow Dash stepped away. For a moment, it was the worst moment of his life. He would have sworn to Luna that he had just been dreaming all of this, and his body shook in fear as he looked up.

Looked up at Rainbow, whose face was bright red as her hands were together in the shape of a heart. She then giggled and turned away, running off. He recognized the giggle. It was a challenge. A dare for him to come and get it. It wasn’t to show he was brave, or awesome though.

No, this time it was challenging him to come after her heart, and he never ran faster in his life for something.
> Alt. Mushy Ending
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Green was silent, watching the blush on her face slowly grow as they stayed like this, before his arms began to wrap around her and he whispered, “I love you.”

Rainbow squeezed him tighter as she buried her face into his neck. Her body was shaking in his arms, but she didn’t stop him from holding her. Anything but in fact as her shaking grew stronger and stronger, making him worried that she might collapse in his arms.

Instead though, she looked up with tears coming down her cheeks as she whispered, “I… I love you too, and you cannot imagine how long I’ve wanted to say that.”

Green smiled back at her, squeezing her tight as he whispered back, “I think I have an idea.” He then leaned down, his lips soon embracing hers. After all, she had shown him just how deep her love ran on the roller coaster, and it was his turn to return the favor. He didn’t even mind if he lost a few hours in that corner with her, just as he had never minded all the nights lost to her before now too.
