//------------------------------//
// First Round - Charming Thunder vs Scootaloo 
// Story: Yu-Gi-Oh! Friendship is Magic 
// by sonicdash123 
//------------------------------//

Charming Thunder was fast asleep as the sun rose and shone in his eyes, causing him to wake up. He yawned and got up from his bed to stretch his hind legs. He then looked in a mirror and noticed that his mane is a mess. He used his hoof to fix his hair. His eyes then widened and said, "What time is it?" He then rushed to the window and looked outside to see ponies going to the stadium where the Equestria Games was held. "Oh damn. I am late!" He then levitated his saddlebag with his duel disk and deck box and rushed out of his room.





Arriving at the waiting room in the stadium, Charming Thunder sat on a bench with his duel disk on his arm waiting for his time to step up to the field and duel Scootaloo. A security pony then entered and then gestured him to follow him. Charming Thunder got up and followed the security pony through the hallway to the field. He arrived at the entrance to the field and as he stepped out, the crowd was cheering for him as he made his way to the duel field and took his place where he needed to stand. He then looked around to look at the crowd. He then saw Twilight sitting with the other princesses waving at him. He waved back as the cheering grew louder and louder. He then turned his gaze to see Scootaloo coming to take her place on the duel field with her duel disk on her arm. Trumpets then began to sound as Cadence stood up from her throne and announced, "And now, the first round of the tournament begins."

"I may not know you, stranger, but I know we will have a fun duel," Scootaloo said as she activated her duel disk. 

Charming Thunder only smiled and replied, "Let's have a good duel!" He then activated his duel disk.

"Duel!"

Scootaloo: LP 4000. Charming Thunder: LP 4000

"I'll go first," Scootaloo said. "Draw! I summon Elemental Hero Woodsman in defense mode!" A humanoid wooden hero appeared with his arms on his chest defending himself. [DEF 2000. LV 4] "I then activate a field spell; Skyscraper!" The environment changed into a metropolitan city. "With this on the field if I control an Elemental Hero monster and it attacks with its attack points lower than the opposing monster, that Elemental Hero gains 1000 attack points. And with that I end my turn."

"Impressive," Charming Thunder said. "A field spell in the first turn. My turn! Draw! I summon Mirage Dragon!" A yellow dragon appears on the field. [ATK 1600. LV 4] "When I have this dragon on the field, your trap cards cannot be activated during anyone's battle phase."

"Aww man. Too bad that I don't have any trap cards. Not to mention that your monster's attack points are lower than my defending monster."

"That is why I am setting a card face down and ending my turn."

"My turn! Draw! Aww yeah! First things first, my monster's effect activates! When he is on the field during the standby phase, I can add a Polymerization card to my hand. Then I activate Polymerization to fuse my Elemental Hero Avian and Elemental Hero Burstinatrix from my hand to summon Elemental Hero Flame Wingman!" A humanoid hero with wings on his back and a dragon's head on his right arm. [ATK 2100. LV 6] "It's time to battle! Elemental Hero Flame Wingman attack his Mirage Dragon!" The hero's dragon arm fired a fire blast at the dragon destroying it.

"Not so fast! I activate my face down; Defense Draw. I take no damage and draw a card."

"That won't save you. My monster's effect activates. You inflict damage by the same attack points as the destroyed monster." [Charming Thunder: LP 4000 -> 3400] "I set a card and end my turn."

"My turn then! Draw! I summon Lord of D." A man with a dragon like attire appeared on the field. "Next, I activate a spell; The Flute of summoning Dragon! With this I can special summon two Dragon type monsters from my hand. I special summon Alexandrite Dragon and Mirage Dragon!" The two dragons appeared after the flute was played by the spellcaster. [ATK 2000. LV 4] [ATK 1600. LV 4] "Before I attack, I activate Mystical Space Typhoon to destroy your field spell." A typhoon wiped out the field spell and caused the environment to change back to normal. "And then I activate an equip spell; Dragon Treasure allowing my Dragon type monster to gain 300 attack and defense points to my Alexandrite Dragon." A jewel appeared on the dragon. [ATK 2300. DEF 400] "Now, my dragon. Attack the Elemental Hero Flame Wingman!" The dragon flew towards the hero and did a tail strike at him.

"Gah!" [Scootaloo: LP 4000 -> 3800]

"I then set one card set down and end my turn."

"It's my turn! I draw! Woodsman's effect activates and I add another Polymerization to my hand. Then I activate Polymerization from my hand and fuse Elemental Hero Ocean from my hand and Elemental Hero Woodsman from the field to summon Elemental Hero Terra Firma!" A white humanoid hero appeared on the field on its knees then stood up. "Then I activate a spell from my hand; Monster Reborn, to bring back Elemental Hero Ocean from the graveyard." A aquamarine hero with a trident appeared next to the giant hero. "Elemental Hero Ocean, attack his Lord of D." The hero spun his trident and threw it at the spellcaster.

"Not so fast! I activate my face down trap card; Sakuretsu Armor. Your monster is now destroyed." Sharp armor appeared on the spellcaster and automatically destroyed the blue hero.

"Terra Firma, attack his Lord of D. Earth Impact!" The white hero flew high in the air and flew down fast towards the dragon lord. He impacts on him and destroyed the monster.

"Gah!" [Charming Thunder: LP 3400 -> 2100]

"Go Scootaloo!!!" Applebloom said in the crowd holding a sign with a picture of Scootaloo.

"I end my turn."

"You got a lot of skill with that deck," Charming Thunder said. "No wonder why you wanted to show Rainbow Dash your deck. My turn! Draw! And I think your Terra Firma is about to go soon enough. I summon Tune Warrior!" A warrior with antennas on its head appeared on the field.

"A tuner monster? Then that means you--"

"Yes. I tune my Alexandrite Dragon to synchro summon. The ruler's shouts echo throughout! Hammer of victory, shatter the very earth! Synchro Summon! Flap your wings, Exploder Dragonwing!" An explosion emitted and a dragon appeared when the smoke cleared. [ATK 2400. LV 7] "Now when he attacks a monster, it is automatically destroyed and when it is, you take damage equal to the monster's attack points."

"But it's not enough to destroy Terra Firma."

"That is why I activate another Dragon Treasure and equip it to that dragon." [ATK 2700. DEF 1900] "Now obliterate Terra Firma with King's Storm Attack!" The dragon breathed fire at the hero and obliterated the monster completely. "Of course my dragon's effect activates as well."

"GAH!!!" [Scootaloo: LP 3800 -> 1300] "I can't take another hit like that!"

"I end my turn." Twilight was impressed with the move made by Charming Thunder and got curious.

"What are you up to, Charming?" Twilight thought.

"I won't give up!!! M-my turn! Draw! This is my last chance at this. I set a monster face down and end my turn."

"It's my turn. I draw! Your luck just ran out. I tribute my Alexandrite Dragon and my Exploder Dragonwing to summon something special for you. My pride and my soul, my Blue-Eyes White Dragon!!!" A flash of light appeared and a white dragon flew down from the sky. [ATK 3000. LV 8] The crowd was amazed to see a legendary card being played on the field. "I then activate a spell card from my hand; Burst Stream of Destruction! This allows me to destroy all of your monsters on your side of the field, but will not attack this turn." The Blue-Eyes charged a strike and fired at Scootaloo's side of the field.

"NO! Then that means you--"

"I will now end this duel with a bang. Mirage Dragon, attack my opponent directly!!!" The dragon used its scythe tail to strike at Scootaloo.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" [Scootaloo: LP 1300 -> 0] The crowd cheered for the victor as Charming Thunder approached Scootaloo. "You were right."

"About what?"

"This duel. It was fun."

"The winner is Charming Thunder!!!" Cadence announced.

"That was awesome!!!" Scootaloo said. "That was one of the legendary cards I have ever seen in the history of Duel Monsters." Charming Thunder only smiled as he turned to the crowd and waved at them.