> Who is Storm Feathers?
>  by YellowPegasus347
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Prologue
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sunset Shimmer felt awful and had a killer headache. As she tries getting on her hooves she realized she wasn’t home. She started to panic and said, “This isn’t Canterlot. Where am I? Princess Celestia?” She paused and looked around to find seven unknown creatures around her with horrified looks on their faces. She then looked at her hooves which were now hands. “What happened to me? Storm Feather! Help me! Please...somepony, anypony help me,” Sunset begged. She looked up to find one of the creatures smiling at her with a gentle expression as soon as she felt something on shoulder. Sunset asked the creature, “What..who are you?”

The creature responded, “We’re your friends.” As soon as she said this however, her expression turned hard as she glared at the green colored creature behind her. Sunset didn’t know what was going on, but she felt like she could trust them. Something happened as all the creatures, except for the green one, put their hands on her shoulder. There was a warm bright light as all seven of them transformed. Then, they launched a powerful beam toward the memory stone. The stone broke into pieces. In a flash, Sunset remembered everything.

“Twilight...Sparkle?” Sunset called with a smile. Twilight turned to face her and said her name. They both hugged each other as her other friends joined in. Once the hug was over, Sunset looked over to Wallflower Blush. Sunset knew what she had to do. She went up to Wallflower and helped her up. After giving her a little pep talk, she befriended her.

It has been a couple of days since the memory stone has been destroyed. The year books were finished and was given out to everyone. The Main 7 and Sunset's new friends, Trixie and Wallflower Blush, were all sitting at their lunch table. Everyone was talking and laughing except for Sunset Shimmer. She wasn't sad, but she was thinking of something. More specifically, some griffon, that she has been thinking about ever since she got her memories back. "Storm Feather," Sunset mumbled under her breath with a smile.
> The Question
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

“Hey Sunshim...Sunset?...SUNSET SHIMMER!” Rainbow Dash yelled in Sunset’s ear.

“AAAHHHH!” Sunset screamed as she fell out of her chair. It was another Saturday afternoon at Sugar Cube Corner, their hangout spot. Sunset was thinking yet again of Storm Feather and wasn’t listening to any of her friends. Of course, Rainbow noticed this and tried to get her attention by screaming in her ear. Sunset groaned as she got back up and sat in her chair. After the ringing in her ear stopped she glared and Rainbow and asked, “What the heck was that for?”

“You were spacing out. I called your name, like, a million times!” Rainbow responded.

“Oh,” Sunset said with a blush, “Sorry..I was just thinking of something.” Everyone looked at her with worry. “Don’t worry guys. It’s nothing bad. It’s just that...” Sunset trailed off. Her face turned from a frown to a small smile and blush. Everyone looked at each other before turning back to face Sunset.

Applejack coughed and said with a smile, “Well sugar cube, if it’s nothing we should worry about, we won’t worry about it. Now then, me and the others have been wondering about something you said.” Sunset looked up at Applejack with confusion. “Who is Storm Feather?” As soon as she said that name, Sunset’s blush turned into a darker shade of red.

“Well, um, he was..probably the closest thing I had to a friend back when I was Princess Celestia’s student. He’s kind, funny, caring, strong, understanding, cu-uh cool,” Sunset rambled. She had a big smile on her face and a blush that was as red as her hair. Her friends all grinned at her.

“So...he was your boyfriend?” Rainbow teased. That made Sunset’s blush turn into a deep shade of red, that even Rarity didn’t know it existed.

“NO! He was just..some griffon I knew.” Sunset stuttered. Rarity squealed, Rainbow had a teasing grin, and everyone else giggled.  “Guys, seriously, there was nothing between us. We weren’t even friends,” Sunset said after she stopped blushing. Her friends didn’t stop though.

“Oh, come on! There had to be something between you that made you call out his name back when you had your memories erased.” Rarity said. Sunset looked at all her friends and sighed.

“Can’t we all just drop this, please. I don’t want to talk about this,” Sunset begged. She looked sad and gloomy. This was all beginning to upset her and her friends knew that, so they stopped.

“Sorry Sunset. We were just curious. If you don’t want to answer you don’t have to. I guess..it’s because you never tell us anything about your life back then. I mean, all we know is that you were Princess Celestia’s star pupil and you ran through the portal because you got bitter,” Fluttershy apologized. Sunset looked at her and then looked away with a guilty look on her.

“That and you weren’t close to your parents,” Applejack added. Sunset sighed. She knew they were right. They didn’t know a lot about her life. All they knew was that she was a unicorn who went down a dark path, but was able to change. They know that she likes video games, sushi, art, and riding on her motorcycle. They knew that she was a good friend. They knew her personality, but they don’t know about her backstory, her life. They don’t know what her life was before coming through the portal, they don’t even know what she went through went she first came into their world. It’s not because they didn’t ask, it’s because Sunset didn’t answer, because Sunset didn’t want to talk about it. Sunset was snapped out of her thoughts as one of her friends spoke.

“Is it because you don’t trust us?” Pinkie asked quietly. The made Sunset look up at her. Pinkie’s usual poofy hair was deflated a little.

“No.. Of course I trust you. I’m sorry, it’s just that...I don’t like talking about it,” Sunset said. She looked into each of her friend’s eyes and saw sadness. They should know. They deserve to know. With a determined look she spoke up, “I can tell you about him.”

“Sunset you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Fluttershy said, afraid that they had accidentally pressured her into telling them something.

“No..I..I want to tell you about him,” Sunset smiled. “I guess I should start with how I met him.”
> Not Nice to Meet You
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sunset Shimmer started her story, “Before I met Storm Feathers, I didn’t have any friends. My parents really cared about their...I guess the word would be...reputation. How others ponies see them. Of course that meant that if I failed at something, they would get mad and you don’t want them mad...trust me. They didn’t want to be known as the parents of a failure, so I spent all my time working hard. I pushed my limits and expectations in magic which caused me to be noticed by Princess Celestia. That made my parents very happy and I guess the closest to feeling ‘proud’ of me. They pretty much told everypony that I was Princess Celestia’s star pupil and showed me off...like a trophy.” Everyone looked at Sunset with an expression of sadness, anger, and shock.

“That..that’s just wrong! No parent should treat their kid like that!” Applejack growled. Everyone nodded in agreement.

“Relax guys. I’m over that. Besides I have an even better family now. A family that loves me for who I am. I don’t need to earn their privilege to be apart of their family,” Sunset said. Everyone relaxed and looked at Sunset with small smiles.

“Come on Sunshim...don’t get sappy. Now continue the story,” Rainbow said. Everyone giggled and looked towards Sunset urging her to continue.

Sunset continued, “Well, I had my own room in the Canterlot Castle where I could study and practice magic. One day, when Princess Celestia and I were practicing she brought up the subject of friendship.”

”Good job Sunset Shimmer. You once again amaze me with your abilities. Our time is up and I’m afraid that I will be busy all day tomorrow. Why don’t you take that day off and hang out with your friends?” Princess Celestia suggested.

“No thanks Princess. I need to keep practicing, so I don’t get sloppy. Besides I don’t have friends. They’re a waste of time,” the little filly responded. Princess Celestia frowned.

“I disagree Sunset. Friends can help you out with your magic and-” Sunset cut Princess Celestia off.

“All they will do is slow me down! Besides...no pony wants to be my friend anyways. They are all intimidated by me and judge me just because I defended myself from a bully!”

“Sunset, you burned that poor colt. The others are just scared you will hurt them. I understand that he was mean, but he got seriously injured.”

“He deserved it,” Sunset mumbled. Princess Celestia sighed.

“Just try to make some friends,” Princess Celestia asked. Sunset looked at her and saw how much Princess Celestia wanted her to make some friends. Sunset looked away. One of the last things she wants to do is let Princess Celestia down.

“Fine,” Sunset grumbled. With that, Princess Celestia left the room, leaving Sunset alone. Lonely. That’s what Sunset felt most of the time. Her parents didn’t seem to love her, she had no friends, and Princess Celestia is so busy that she sees her only one hour a day. Sunset sighed for what seemed like the millionth time that day as she headed out the door.

CRASH!

Sunset Shimmer jumped as something crashed through the window and landed on the floor. Looking at the mess, Sunset growled.

“Hey! Who gave you the right to just go in-” Sunset stopped when her eyes landed on the griffon before her. He had grey fur and black feathers. He also had tiny blue lightning bolts on his chest and one bigger blue lightning bolt in his hair. His tail had black stripes and yet another lightning bolt on the end. He was on the floor not moving an inch. “What the...Oh my Celestia! Is he dead?! What do I do?! Celestia! I need to get to Princess Celestia she will know wha-” Sunset stopped when she heard a groan. She looked back to the griffon as he started to get up. “AHHH! ZOMBIE!”

“Will you quit screaming!” The griffon snapped. Sunset calmed down and got into an offensive stance. She charged up her horn and aimed at the griffon. He saw what she was doing and started to panic. “Woah, woah! Calm down! I won’t hurt you I promise. I just lost control when I was flying and crashed here by accident. Don’t hurt me!” he pleaded. Sunset glared at him, making him gulp. Finally, she sighed in annoyance and stopped her attack.

“Be careful next time! You gave me a heart attack.” The griffon blushed and scratched the back of his head.

“Sorry, um, my name is Storm Feather. You are?” The griffon, or Storm Feather asked. Sunset looked at him strangely.

“What’s a griffon like you doing in Canterlot?” Sunset asked, completely ignoring his question. Storm Feather blinked.

“Uh, you didn’t answer my question,” Storm Feather stated. Sunset glared at him.

“You think I care? How would you feel if a random pon-uh griffon crashed into your room, making a total MESS, and asked you for your name?” Sunset snarled. Storm Feather put his claw to his chin as if actually thinking about it. Sunset groaned and put a hoof on her face. “Look...just..tell me why your here and not in Griffonstone.”

“How about this. You tell me your name, and I tell you why I’m here. Plus I’ll help you clean up,” Storm Feather offered with  grin. Sunset raised her eyebrow.

After staring at him for a while, Sunset mumbled, “Sunset Shimmer.” Storm Feathered grin grew.

“What was that? I couldn’t hear you,” he said obviously teasing her.

“Grr...I said Sunset Shimmer,” Sunset growled.

“Still can’t hear ya,” Storm Feather teased.

“IT’S SUNSET SHIMMER!” Sunset yelled. Storm Feather laughed as Sunset was steaming with anger. Once Storm Feather was done laughing he gave Sunset a cheeky grin.

“Well, nice to meet you Sunset Shimmer.” Storm Feather said. Sunset just rolled her eyes and responded bitterly.

“Not nice to meet you.”

“And that’s how me and Storm Feather met.” Sunset ended her story.

“Storm Feather and I,” Twilight corrected. Sunset Shimmer rolled her eyes, but couldn’t stop her smile and blush that spread across her face as she thought about Storm Feather. Maybe she should visit him.
> A Griffon's Perspective
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sunset stared at the portal. The same portal that got her into the human world. The portal that leads to Equestria, her birth place. The place where she met Storm Feather. The memory stone incident impacted Sunset in many ways. In good and bad ways. The incident reminded her of a bad memory. Anon-A-Miss. Around Christmas, Anon-A-Miss convinced her friends that she was still bad which led them to leaving her. Sunset frowned at the memory. She has already forgiven her friends and the crusaders, but it was something that still hurt Sunset sometimes. But there were many plus sides. It allowed her to reunite with Princess Celestia. She even has two new friends she could count on that hangs out with the Rainbooms on a daily basis. Then, there was the reminder of Storm Feather. Sunset couldn’t tell if being reminded of him was bad or good.  Sunset couldn’t get him out of her head.

“Ugh..What’s wrong with me?” Sunset groaned. She continued to look at the portal before walking towards it. Her hand touched the surface of the portal, feeling the hard marble of the statue. Sunset sighed. She knew she could write to Twilight to get the portal open, but she was hesitant. ‘Does he even remember me?’ Sunset thought. She shook her head. It was getting late. Sunset turned away from the portal and started to walk home.

In Equestria...

Storm Feather was flying around Canterlot staring at the ponies below him. He was looking for somepony. The pony being Sunset Shimmer. Sunset Shimmer used to be the most important pony in his life. The key words being ‘used to’. Even if Sunset said that they weren’t friends, he knew they were. His life sucked before he met her. He actually had a caring and loving mother, but his father was a different story. He left when he was so around five. Said something about having a useless wife and son. That wasn’t the only thing though. Storm Feather’s mom got ill when his dad left. She died when he was seven. Sunset changed that. When his mom died, he ran away from Griffonstone and met her in Canterlot. He smiled at the memories they spent together. Being with her made him happy, but then she just vanished. She was just gone.

‘Just like my dad’ he thought bitterly. He didn’t know where or why she left. He spent years trying to find her, but gave up. Then, he saw her at the library. Storm Feather though his eyes were playing a trick on him, but then he heard her voice. He knew right then and there, it was Sunset. He wanted to go up to her and hug her, but he couldn’t. The princesses were next to her and that meant that he could get caught. Storm Feather didn’t have bits, so he stole. That caused him to be a well known thief. He sighed. It was getting late. He had to go to his ‘house’. As he was flying back towards a dark spot in Canterlot, something caught his eye. The princess of friendship, Twilight Sparkle. Storm Feather saw her talking to Sunset back in the library. She didn’t know who he was, so maybe he could talk to her about Sunset!

“Hey! Uh..Princess!” He called out as he landed near her. Twilight turned to look at him. She had a confused look on her face.

“Uh..hi?” She greeted awkwardly.

“Hi, I’m Storm Feathers. Look, I know you have no idea who I am, but I was wondering about something.”

“If you want me to sign the friendship journal, I swear to Cele-”

“What? No, no it’s not about that”

“Oh..Sorry about that. There was just a lot of ponies that wanted my autograph and it’s been driving me crazy.”

“It’s ok...So, um, I saw you at the library today and I was hoping I could talk to you about something.”

“Oh, ok. Is everything alright?”

“Kinda..you were with Sunset Shimmer, right?”

Twilight’s eyes widened. “Wait. You know Sunset?”

“Yes, I do. Please, do you know where she is?”

“Well, yes I do, but-”

“Take me to her! Please, I need to see her.”

“I’m sorry, but I don’t think I could do that.”

“What do you mean?” Storm Feather’s eyes narrowed.

“Look, I can’t take you to her.”

“Why?!” Storm Feather angrily asked.

“I just can’t. It’s classified.”

“Classified? That’s stupid! Aren’t you supposed to be the princess of FRIENDSHIP! I just want to see her!” He yelled.

“I can’t and won’t take you to her and that’s final! I’m sorry,” Twilight said finished sadly. She turned away from him and walked towards the train station that she would ride to go back to Ponyville.

Storm Feather growled and prepared to attack her before guards showed up. ‘Dang it! They must of heard me’. Storm quickly flew away in hopes of getting away. Unfortunately, three pegasus guards flew after him. Storm Feather flew faster and grinned as he saw big group of clouds. He flew into them to and lost the guards. Storm Feather glanced down in time to see the train Twilight Sparkle took. He smiled.

“I’m coming Sunshine,” he whispered as remembered the nickname he gave her.

Storm Feather picked up the books he knocked into when he crashed in the room. He was actually exhausted. He had left Griffonstone just three days ago. As he was flying he ran out of energy and crashed into window. He felt a nice warm glow as he suddenly gained strength. He turned to the unicorn who had her horn surrounded by her magical aura. He was honestly surprised that she helped him. After all, he had just crashed into her room and teased her.

“You looked tired,” she said noticing his stare. Storm Feather blushed as he looked away and mumbled a thanks. He didn’t know a lot about ponies, but he knew that a spell she had just used was hard for somepony her age. Sunset was obviously talented. That’s probably why she’s in the Canterlot Castle. He remembered the angry look she gave him when she teased her. He grinned.

“So...you really thought I was a zombie?” Storm Feather asked. Sunset Shimmer blushed and turned to glare at him. Storm Feather’s grin grew bigger. She was so cute when she looked mad. Storm Feather blushed thinking of the little pout she did. He shook his head. ‘Stop thinking that’ he said to himself.

“Whatever, you still have to tell me why your here,” she grumbled. Storm Feather frowned. He did have to explain to her. What should he say. ‘My dad left and my mom died, so I left Griffonstone’ he thought. No, that’s too personal. After thinking a bit he sighed.

“I...ran away. Wanted to start fresh, ya know?” Storm sighed. Sunset looked at him.

“What about your parents? Wouldn’t they be worried?” She questioned. Storm Feather just glared at her.

“That’s none of your business. I answered your question and I’m just about to finish cleaning. After that, I’m going. You won’t even remember me. Besides you won’t understand,” he said bitterly. Sunset flinched at the tone he used.

“Ok geez. I was just curious,” Sunset said, “And don’t say that I won’t understand. I wanted to run away from here at one point too.”

“Really?” Storm Feather asked raising an eyebrow. Sunset just nodded. “Why?” he asked.

“Look, you didn’t say why you ran away, so I’m not going to say why I wanted to either.” Sunset said. Storm Feather look at her. After another moment of silence was put to an end by his growling tummy. Storm Feather blushed.

“Sorry..” he apologized. Sunset looked at him. Their eyes met and Storm Feather could see concern in the unicorn’s eyes.

“You want food?” She offered.

“Uh..yes please.” Storm Feather responded. Sunset looked at him for a moment before leaving the room. After waiting for ten minutes, Sunset returned with pancakes and eggs.

“Sorry. I don’t know what you like, but I hope pancakes are good. Also I heard griffons like fish and meat, but, um, we don’t have that, so I just got eggs.” she said, placing the food in front of him.

“It’s fine. Thanks Sunshine,” Storm Feather said stuffing food in his mouth. Sunset raised her eyebrow.

“It’s Sunset Shimmer bird brain,” Sunset said. Storm Feather looked up at her.

“I know, but Sunshine is a cute name for you,” he teased. Sunset blushed and looked away.

“Whatever.”
> A New Home
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Storm Feather tried to catch his breath as he plopped down behind the train station. He didn’t realize Ponyville was that far from Canterlot. As his panting came to an end he looked at his surroundings. Ponyville was smaller than he thought it was. He looked at the many ponies going about their day. Some were at the market while others outside doing their jobs. It didn’t take long for him to find Twilight Sparkle’s castle. He looked over to the school next to it. ‘Wow..there’s an actual friendship school’ he thought. He shook his head. Storm Feather needed to get his head in the game. He had to find Sunset Shimmer, the pony who helped him when nopony else would. He smiled as he remembered the many kind things Sunset did for him.

”Sunset Shimmer?” A voice called out. Storm Feather turned to face Sunset. He got confused as he saw her panic.

“Oh horse apples,” Sunset whispered as she quickly pushed Storm Feather into her closet. “Stay quiet. Who knows what they might do if they see you here!” Storm Feather nodded as Sunset closed the closet door. However, Storm Feather’s curiosity got the better of him as he opened the door an inch to see a white stallion with a blue mane in gold armor come into the room. A guard pony. Storm Feather gulped.

“Sunset Shimmer..are you ok?” He questioned, “I heard you talking to somepony and...oh what happened to your window?” Storm Feather winced when he realized they didn’t fix the window yet. How was Sunset going to cover for this? He should’ve known that he would get caught. Storm Feather frowned as he thought of all the bad outcomes. He would probably go into the dungeon for entering the castle without permission or get sent back to Griffonstone. He sighed in defeat as he slowly opened the closet door, but before he could, Sunset spoke.

“Oh yeah...that..well, um, I was practicing a new spell and accidentally shot a beam at the window,” Sunset lied. Storm Feather’s jaw dropped. He didn’t think Sunset would lie to somepony in the royal guard. She even have a convincing lie and acted so well that Storm Feather would have believed it if he didn’t know the truth. “Oh, and before you ask about the food, I got hungry,” Sunset continued.

“Oh, ok, but I was sure you were talking to someone,” the guard said. Sunset just turned away from him as she waved her hoof dismissively.

“You must be hearing things. That, or you heard me reading to myself,” Sunset said. The guard looked at her before nodding and walked out. Once Storm Feather knew he was gone, he slowly came out of the room. He chuckled as he tackled Sunset in a hug. He felt her get tense as he hugged her and immediately stopped the hug. Both of them blushed.

“Thank you. You didn’t have to do that..so why? I..I don’t know what to say,” Storm Feather thanked quietly. Sunset Shimmer looked at him with the first caring smile he got from her.

“I don’t know much about you, but I do know that you’ve been through a lot,” Sunset’s look suddenly got mischievous, “Plus,  now you owe me.” Storm Feather laughed. That was more like the Sunset he had first talked to. She really was something. “So..where you going next?” Sunset questioned. Storm Feather paused. He didn’t know where he was going.

“I...I don’t know. I ran away from Griffonstone to find a real home,” he admitted. Sunset put her hoof to her chin. After a moment of silence, Sunset sighed. She then looked at Storm Feather again. Determination replaced the small frown on her face.

“I think I know a place you can stay that’s in the castle,” she offered. Storm Feather’s ears perked up. He was confused, shocked, and over joyed. Storm Feather’s mouth opened, then closed. He smiled, then frowned.

“Wait..really? You mean that? But why? Wouldn’t you get in trouble when I get caught. Wait..are we going to ask the princess first. I don’t think I can do that. If I do accept your offer, will I have food and a bed, or is it just a trap for me? No, you wouldn’t do that...would you?” He rambled. Sunset chuckled.

“Relax. I wouldn’t put you into the dungeon. As for the why, I think it might benefit both of us. You have a home and I have a new test subject to cast my spells on,” Sunset grinned as Storm Feather looked at her with an unamused face, “Also you don’t have to talk to Princess Celestia. For food, I’ll just sneak it to you. I can get you a comfy bed of your choosing to sleep on. Lastly, it’s not a matter of WHEN we get caught, but IF we get caught. As you saw before, I’m a pretty good liar. Just because I live in a castle, doesn’t mean I act like a goody two shoes or a prissy princess. I get in trouble too.” Storm Feather snorted.

“Like what? Forgetting to wipe your mouth with a tissue?”

“Well, my parents are strict with manners, and strict with pretty much everything else, so yes. I do get in trouble for that, but I got in trouble for burning a colt once,” Sunset admitted. Storm Feather’s jaw dropped.

“Wow...remind me never to get on your bad side,” he said. Sunset giggled.

“Let me show you your new room. Oh and don’t hug me ever again,” Sunset said.

“Come on. It wasn’t that bad. Plus, isn’t hugging something friend’s do?” Storm Feather said.

“We are NOT friends,” Sunset growled, but then stopped. She remembered what she promised Princess Celestia. “Ugh...I guess we aren’t friends right now. We barely know each other. But...I guess being friends can be a possibility.” Sunset’s horn  lit up as she moved the book shelf that covered a secret door.

“Wow...” Storm Feather said in awe. Sunset opened the door to reveal a rather big room. To his surprise, the room wasn’t dirty at all. It had a couch, chairs, tables, and a bed.

“This was the room where I practice more of my destructive and dangerous spells. The spells are things I shouldn’t cast yet, so I come here where nopony will hear me.  I go here often, so I made it my second bed room. I can change the furniture if you want,” Sunset explained. After Storm Feather looked around the room, he turned to face Sunset Shimmer.

“I actually like the place how it is. Except for the colors. Can you change the color scheme to black, blue, and white?” He asked. Sunset nodded. She took a deep breath and channeled her magic into her horn. Her aura surrounded her horn and lit up as she changed the room’s colors. Storm Feather smiled. He had a home. “Thank you...Sunshine.” Sunset hit the back of his head.

“It’s Sunset.”
> BACKSTORY AND CHARACTER INFO
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Storm Feathers:
He is a griffon that was born in Griffonstone. Even though his home was like a dump, it never bothered him. He had a loving and caring mother, but his father was just like all the other griffons who are mean and greedy. Storm was never abused in anyway, but it was obvious that his dad didn't love him. His dad left them when Storm was 5 years old. His only friend was his mom who died because of a sickness when he was 7 years old. 

Storm left Griffonstone in search of a better home a few months after his mom died. After flying for 3 days, he ran out of energy and crashed into Sunset's room in the Canterlot Castle. Both Storm and Sunset were about 7 years old when they met. Storm Feather is older. Thanks to Sunset, Storm had a secret room in the Canterlot Castle where he could call home.This is when Storm started having a small crush on her. His love for her grows as the years pass. Hesitant, Storm Feather does tell Sunset what happened to his parents after living with her for an entire week. This causes Sunset to tell him about her life, more specifically, about her strict parents. Even though Sunset didn't count him as a friend because of how stubborn she is, Storm Feather thought of Sunset as one. 

When both of them were about 14, Sunset suddenly vanished. Without Sunset to help him hide from the guards, Storm Feather was found and kicked out of the castle. Now that Storm Feather lost his home, he spent about 2 years searching for Sunset. During those 2 years, Storm learned how to steal. After 2 years searching for Sunset, Storm gave up and went back to Canterlot. He found an old shack in a dark and unknown part of Canterlot. That shack becomes his home and he becomes a well known thief in Canterlot.

Then, he sees Sunset in the library and is now following Twilight to find her. He is currently 17 years old.

Sunset Shimmer:
Sunset Shimmer is a unicorn that was born in Canterlot. Her parents were prideful ponies who only cared about themselves and their reputation. They didn't want her to ruin their image so they were harsh on her. They punished her for the littlest thing and said that if she failed them, they would leave her. Sunset didn't want this to happen, so she pushed herself and became very talented in magic. 

She joined Princess Celestia's school when she was 5 years old. When Sunset was 6 years old, a colt about 2 years older than her tried to bully her. She lost her temper and used powerful magic to burn him. This gave Sunset her cutie mark, but she got in big trouble. Her parents were furious and left her. Sunset wanted to run away, but before she could, Princess  Celestia came up to her and offered Sunset to be her personal student because she saw Sunset's potential. Princess Celestia gave Sunset a room in the Canterlot Castle and word got out that she was her star pupil. This convinced her parents to go back to her, but only to get an even better reputation. Sunset was happy and relieved her parents gave her another chance.

Sunset Shimmer didn't have friends. She was an outcast to the others, so she was lonely. She had Princess Celestia, but  she was often busy with her duties. When Sunset was 7, she met Storm Feather. She didn't want to admit it, but she liked his company. They grew closer as time went on which causes Sunset to fall in love with Storm Feather when she was 10.

Sunset's life was going great until she was 13. Her parents had abandoned her. They said that Sunset was not good enough for them anymore. She was old news. Sunset was depressed and frustrated. She didn't know what she had to do to earn her parents respect and love. She got meaner and bitter.

Princess Celestia noticed this and thought that showing her a magical mirror might cheer her up. Once Sunset looked into the mirror she saw herself as an alicorn. She started to believe that if she became an alicorn princess, her parents will forever accept her. Sunset did a lot of bad things in order to see what could make her a princess. Because of this, Princess Celestia tried talking to her. She said that Sunset wasn't ready for that. This just caused Sunset to snap. She thought that Princess Celestia was holding her back for selfish reasons. After the argument, Sunset Shimmer had enough and ran away into the mirror. She was 14.

Now, Sunset learned the error of her ways and the magic of friendship. She is currently 17.
