//------------------------------//
// Chapter 1 Welcome to Equestria 
// Story: Reborn-Transformers Prime Crossover 
// by Moonknight Shimmer 
//------------------------------//

Starscream's POV
I awoken feeling like I had just had another one of Megatron's "disciplines" again. The first thing I took note of was the fact that I was in a different place than where I had laid down to recharge before, instead of a cave, I was on a mossy forest floor. It was dark out but I could tell sunrise would be soon due to the colors of the sky. The next thing I took note was the fact I felt, funny. 

As I looked down I let a shriek of terror, my once beautiful silver seeker frame had been replaced with organic materials, I took a sigh of some what relief when I realized I wasn't a pathetic human, put some type of four legged creature, I had no fingers to speak of but for hooves, my now new coat was my silver grey I once had, I bent my head back to see I had a tail that almost touched the ground. It had a clean cut and was black with a single red strip through it. I saw a small puddle near by and awkwardly walked over to it to see that I also had what humans call hair on my head as well, it was swept back smoothly with the same black and red of which ended tapering at the mid back of my longer neck. But what seemed to me a surprise was my eyes, they had changed color, from a deep ruby red to a light blue similar to the Autobots, ugh.   

As I kept studying myself I also took of two extra appendages that were on my back, wings. Oh thank Primus I have WINGS! I can still FLY! I spread them to see they were long and elegant but at the tips it went from my silver grey coat color to a black with specks of white that seemed to shine like stars. Huh, how strange. 

As I finally stopped looking at myself I took note that a path laid before me in this strange forest, without a second thought I slowly started making my way through the forest, at first it was hard walking on all fours I quickly got the hang of it, with a little pride and began to walk faster before I tripped over a large stick that laid on the ground. Well, glade no one saw that. As I got back up I noticed the stick twitch, I studied it closer before I smelled an awful smell before suddenly the stick levitated into the forest were large, larger than me, yellow eyes were. A low growl escaped the creature as it came out of the forest as a large, what looked like a wolf from Earth but made of wood came stomping out before howling and charging right at me. 

One thought crossed my mind............ I AM GOING TO DIE!!!!!!

Snow's POV
As I walked just outside the Castle of the Two Pony Sisters for my early morning trot, I looked up to see on one of the balconies the two royal sisters raising and setting the sun and moon. I smiled as I thought back to how I, Snow Blossom, unicorn of a small lower caste family was working under the wing of Princess Celestia herself along with Princess Luna. I sighed, I saw my reflection a puddle as I walked by nearing the Everfree Forest, I could see my snow white mane, my dark blue coat and my orange eyes. I could also see my cutiemark as clear as day, a snowflake with swirls of white and orange magic coming from the bottom almost making it look like a flower all put together. 

As I continued my daily trot I heard a terrifying roar of a timberwolf and as soon as it roared I heard somepony cry out in terror, looking down the path I saw a grey Pegasus stallion running, and failing, to get away from a timberwolf! Quickly I charged up my orange magic as I charged forward and sling a few beams of magic at the timberwolf, as it hit a large piece broke off the wolf and hit the poor stallion in the head knocking him out cold. Quickly I grabbed the stallion with my magic and ran towards the castle, as soon as I passed the tree line a magical barrier came up keeping the wolf away as it slunk back towards the deeper parts of the woods. 

At this point, as I was breathing heavy from the running and the magic of holding this mystery pony I quickly gathered my strength and lifting him with my magic quickly carried him to the castle to be healed. But as I carried him I gave a quick scan and to my surprise saw this adult pony had no cutiemark! 

"Just who in all of Equestria are you?" I asked myself as I entered the castle.