//------------------------------//
// Explanations 
// Story: Many Moons Ago 
// by Kunama Windrider 
//------------------------------//

"When he-Moonie-caught you, you were staring at him. And your eyes...went all blank. Like there was nothing except him. And when I called your name, you kept staring with those blank, blank eyes. And it reminded me...of...of..." Twi's breath caught in her throat. "Of my parents. When they-they were-they-" She broke down in tears. Luna felt guilty that she'd forced Twi to talk about her parents when it upset her so much. 

"Go on," 'Shy encouraged. Twi gulped and took a few deep breaths.

"I barely knew my parents. We lived at my aunt and uncle's place because they were away so much. You knew my parents," she added to Luna, "because they were murdered on the night she returned." Luna felt a hollow ache inside her. She'd killed Twi's parents. "Their eyes went all blank as you stood over them," Twi continued, "and it frightened me so much. And that day...I hated you." 

"And you were well within your rights," Luna said. Twi blinked. Luna mentally scanned her memory for Twi, and she finally found it. She'd been in the Canterlot Palace and she had tried to convince Duke Dusk and Duchess Dawn to support her. When they hadn't, she'd killed them. And that isn't mentioning all of the others I killed the day I returned. 

"They were the Duke and Duchess," said Luna to Twi, who jumped, "and I-I killed them without knowing they were my future best friend's parents. I hate myself." She got up and walked over to the mirror.

"Luna," warned Twi, but Luna kept walking.

"I must punish myself," she said, "and you can't stop me." She looked in the mirror and saw her. She flinched away. "It is done." She didn't tell them she'd almost broken down, that she was seething on the inside. she settled down on the couch. "Continue," she said simply to Twi. She looked confused.

"I've finished, Luna," Twi said. Luna shook her head. 

"You haven't told me about you and 'Shy." Twi made an 'o' shape with her mouth. Fluttershy pursed her lips and sucked in her breath. Twi looked as though she'd be sick.

"Okay, but only because you opened up to us," Twi relented. "'Shy and I discovered not long after we met each other that we had...a lot of differences, but similar priorities; friendship and happiness.

"And of course, what could that lead to except... well, long story short, 'Shy and I fell in love so now blah blah blah, boring details that won't interest you. And I want to ask for one more explanation." Luna sighed; this had been coming all along. "Flutters," said Twi. Yes! Not me, thought Luna. *Gulp* went 'Shy. "What-well, more why has Rainbow been so hostile towards me lately? I deserve to know if you have any clue at all." Now it was 'Shy's turn to sigh.

"Well, and-and-and Twi, I-I didn't f-f-find out u-u-until r-r-r-recently, but apparently," said Fluttershy weakly, "Rainbow has a crush on m-m-m-me and sh-sh-she s-s-s-sees you as a-a rival." Twi was silent. And then...

"RAINBOW DASH!" She exploded.