//------------------------------//
// Book of the Stolen Soul 
// Story: The spark of redemption 
// by Audio-interneted 
//------------------------------//

Another day has passed by, just as slow as the previous one for Luna. Although Luna was still in disarray, everypony else in Canterlot, Ponyville, and in the Crystal Empire were singing, dancing, and celebrating the death of king Sombra, but not Luna. Although, everypony didn’t know that Sombra was more alive than ever, and he was getting very comfortable at the changeling hive, the world just couldn’t know yet, it was too soon.

Luna had just awoken from a long cold sleep. Every time she awoken from bed she would remember the amazing nights she had always spent sleeping with Sombra, she wanted him back so bad, but deep down inside she knew it was truly time to move on, but it would take some time for that to happen. The truly terrible part was Sombra had only been “dead” for a couple of days, so let’s just say Luna has some hard times ahead. 

The clock struck eight p.m. on a warm spring day. Luna rose from her bed, sighed heavily, and walked into the bathroom to get ready for breakfast. When she was in the bathroom she looked at herself in the mirror. When she looked at herself she saw somepony different. She didn’t see the beautiful, immortal, mare of the moon the world was accustomed too, no, she saw nothing, no soul, no spirit, just depression, and defeat,

Luna never had an easy life, even for a princess. She got banished to the moon for a thousand years, she tried to cover the world in eternal night twice, and when she did destroyed Nightmare Moon, everypony feared her, like she was still the monster she destroyed, some ponies still to this day are afraid of Luna because of the Nightmare Moon ordeal. Luna had no pony, no pony to talk to, no pony for support in the hard times, all she had was Celestia, but Luna wanted more then just her sister, she wanted a special somepony to comfort her, and support her, somepony that would love her and not fear her, somepony who didn’t see her as a princess, but a lover. Sombra was supposed to be that somepony, Lune knew in her heart he would be, but she was obviously wrong.

Luna then opened the shower door and turned the handle clockwise, and warm water started to run down from the shower head. She made sure the bathroom door was locked, and climbed into the shower and closed the shower door. The steam from the hot water started to fill the bathroom, the hot water ran down Luna’s mane and rump, she let out a soft moan as the hot water massaged her back. 

Luna remained in the shower for ten minutes before exiting. She dried her mane and her body, and put on her regalia and crown, ready to start yet another long, cold, lonely night. She exited the bathroom but before she could exit her room for breakfast, she noticed that a book was laying on her dresser. Luna had a small bookshelf next to her bed that contained a few books, but she rarely touched them.

“Funny, how did you get here? I don’t recall moving you from the book shelf. Now let’s put you back where you belo...” Before Luna could finish her sentence she looked at the book cover curiously, it looked familiar to her. She walked closer to the book and picked it up. It was heavy for a moderately short book, it was red with a black crystal sketched on the cover, their was writing just above the image. It said; “The darkest secrets are at bay.” Luna had no bucking clue, she had never seen this before until now.

She flipped open the book, the first page only had a few words. “Property of the stolen soul,” was written on the top of the page. The writing was strange, it wasn’t cursive, nor was it  normal English writing, but it was legible, at least to Luna. Luna still could recognize it, she had seen it before, she was sure of it. Luna closed the book and examined the cover once more. 

“Yes! That’s it!” She had finally remembered, it was the same book the Celestia was reading over the fire just a couple of days ago.

“How in the world did it end up here? Celestia must’ve put it here, but why?” Before she could finish talking to herself, which was a habit of hers, there was a knock on the door.

“Come in.” Luna called out loud enough for the pony knocking outside to here her voice, then Luna quickly opened her cabinet drawer and placed the book in it. Luna didn't want anypony else to know about the book until she knew what it was or where it came from.

“You’re majesty princess Luna.” A bat pony guardsman wearing his armor had opened her room door, but not dared enter, Luna knew exactly who it was.

“Ah, well if it isn’t mister private Night Core, you seem on the edge a little, is everything ok?” Luna asked as she turned around asking him without even looking at him.

“Of course you’re highness, Celestia had sent me to see if you were coming to dinn.....I mean breakfast.” Night Core remembered that Luna eats breakfast at night, and dinner in the morning.

“She sent you? That is strange.” Luna put her front hoof up to her chin, knowing that at this hour their would still be Solar guards on duty, but Celestia went out of her way to send a Night guard? It was a little strange, but Luna didn’t worry about it, there were to many other things to worry about.

So then Luna walked down the royal hallways toward the direction of the royal dining area. Two Solar guards bowed and opened the door for Luna as she entered the dining room to see Celestia sitting at the table. 

“Ah, sister, it’s about time, I was beginning to think you weren’t coming, is everything alright?” Celestia asked Luna while she raised her hoof telling the waiters to bring Luna her coffee and breakfast. Luna sat down at the table. Coffee was poured into her cup, it was black coffee, which was just the way she liked it.

“Celestia, is it ok if I ask you something?” Luna placed her cup of coffee down and looked towards Celestia.

“Of course Luna, what seems to be the issue.” 

“Well when I got out of the shower this morning their was a unusual book on my dresser, it was red with a drawing of crystals on it.” Luna had told Celestia everything she knew about the book, but their was still tons she didn’t know about it, she only had the chance to flip threw two pages.

“Who was the author of the book? I may be able to identify it by it's author.” Celestia was still eating her wheat bread and chicken dumpling soup, which was her favorite besides cake of course.

“The only resemblance of a name I was able to find on the book was the “Stolen Soul”, do you have any ideas sister?” Luna picked up her coffee and took another sip, then used her magic to slice her toast.

“I’m sorry, but I honestly have no clue, that is a reference I have never heard of, but perhaps you should speak to Twilight Sparkle about it, she knows a lot more about books that I do, she literally lives in them.” Celestia had finished her soup and was served a generous slice of chocolate cake. 

“YOUR’RE HIGHNESSES!!!!” Both alicorns suddenly froze when a bat pony night guard ran into the middle of their feast, both Luna and Celestia weren’t very happy about it.

“This had better be good enough for you to rush into our dinner and scream at the top of you lungs like that!” Celestia stood up angry at the guardspony. 

“I’m sorry, but Canterlot is under attack!”

Both Luna’s and Celestia’s eyes widened and both their jaws dropped.

Celestia was the first to stand and speak. “Attack? Who would dare attack Canterlot?” Celestia speared the guardspony with her eyes, and Luna did the same, at first they had a hard time believing the guardspony.

“Please, you must believe me, plea.......” Before he could finish he was interrupted by Luna, she walked towards him.

“Just explain everything. Every detail, as clearly as possible.” Luna knew deep down that something had the night guard really spooked.

“Some solar guards spotted a changeling in the garden, he or she made a magic portal and dozens of other changelings appeared threw the portal.” Before the night guard could finish explaining, Celestia and Luna raced towards the gardens, they had had dealings with the changelings before and knew that those dealings lead to, mixed results for both sides.

Celestia and Luna had finally reached the gardens, and to their surprise they saw a green portal, around it 11 changelings, each one of them had a prisoner tied in bonds. The prisoners were solar guards, Night guards, and even two maids.

“Changelings! How dare you enter Canterlot and tie up our guards and maids! You shall release them and leave at once!” Celestia snarled a very aggressive manor, sounds Luna had never heard Celestia make, Luna could tell, Celestia was very pissed! Celestia hated the changelings after what happened at Cadance’s wedding, but Luna just hated Chrysalis, she knew the other changelings were bad, but she hated Chrysalis with all her royal might.

There was a moment of silence until it was broken by Luna. “Release them, and Leave at once!” Luna snarled almost as aggressively as Celestia did. 

“Or what?” A tall slender figure came crawling threw the portal, it was Chrsyalis.

“Will you banish me to the moon, miss princess of the sun!” Chrysalis walked closer to Celestia and Luna, it was a full on stare down between them.

“Chrysalis, why are you here, and why did you Kidnap these ponies?” Celestia tried hard to contain her anger, she thought she could peacefully resolve the situation. 

“Oh I just came to stop by and say hello, these ponies will be a gift to me from you, for my hospitality.” Chrysalis chuckled evilly, Celestia and Luna have never made a more deathly death glare in their immortal lives before.

“So is kidnapping ponies hospitality? I don’t think so, now release them!” Luna stepped forward and hissed at Chysalis, to Luna’s surprise, Chrysalis’s smiled widened.

“So when did you become the aggressive one Luna? I always thought of you as a gentle pony, is it because your dearly beloved stallion made his unforgettable demise, on you’re families hooves I might add.” Chrysalis turned her attention to Luna, Luna was completely shell shocked that she knew of Sombra.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about Chrysalis! Now leave!” Luna denied the statement she made, even though Luna was really denying the truth.

“Ok I will, but with my love slaves.” Chrysalis turned and faced the portal, tension was rising, then dozens of solar guards appeared behind Luna and Celestia, they waited for their princesses command.

"This is your last warning Chrysalis, release my subjects and leave immediately!" Celestia snarled even more aggressively, of the many things she cared about, the safety of her subjects were more valuable to her than anything else.

"Or what Princess." Chrysalis  walked closer towards Luna and prepared herself for a fight. Luna and Celestia prepared to give the command for attck, but before Celestia could give the order to attack, Chrysalis reared up and raised her horn. It started to glow green and a huge flash emerged from it, knocking Luna, Celestia, and all the solar guards off their hooves. Then Chrysalis jolted for the portal, the other changelings not far behind her. The kidnapped ponies were being tossed threw the portal one by one, Celestia, Luna and the other guards were still dizzy and unaware of whet was happening, the blast that came from Chrysalis caught all of them off guard.

When they finally had come to their senses, it was to late. The portal closed, Chrysalis and the other changelings were all gone, and all the hostages along with them.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Luna was the first the get on her hooves, then Celestia, then the others.

"Search ever part of Canterlot for any trace of them, then report back to me." Celestia commanded the Captain of the solar guard, he was large, and was almost as tall as Celestia. He was very muscular, and handsome. He had a white coat, and a pearl mane, he was a pegasus, his name was Royal Shield.

"Yes your majesty." Captain Shield then turned and commanded his soldiers to start looking at once. Celestia turned to see Luna standing in the garden alone, looking at the setting sun. Luna had not yet rose the moon, she didn't exactly get the chance to. Just when Luna thought things were going ok, this happens, and 11 hostages are gone.

"Well find them Luna, I wont stop to they are all back home safely." Celestia put a hoof on Luna's right shoulder.

"Sister, I think something bigger is at work here." Luna turned and looked at Celestia with fear in her eyes, which was something Celestia had seen in her eyes in ages. 

"Their changelings, they probably kidnapped them so they could feed on their love, so why do you say that?" Celestia asked confused but worried also.

"Well I know changelings feed on ponies love, but how did Chrysalis know about Sombra? How did she know I loved him? How could she possibly know?" Noise was starting to set off in the background. Captain Shield was gathering as may guards  he could find to search Canterlot, as her princess commanded.

"If their is something bigger sister, we will get to the bottom of it." Luna cheered up a little, she didn't know what to do. Should she help with the search? Should she help create a plan to save the hostages at the changeling hive? She had no clue.

"Maybe you should lay this on off, you've had it pretty rough lately, why don't you go to Ponyville and ask Twilight about your book like I recommended, and I will oversee the search and rescue plan for the hostages." Celestia and Luna turned and walked back into the castle, their heads were still a little sore from the blast, but they would live.

"Really? You would do that for me Celestia?" 

"Of course I would, I would recommend leaving in the morning if you're going to Ponyville." 

"As a matter of fact I think I will, thanks sister." Luna and Celestia turned and walked out onto a balcony. Celestia lowered the sun, followed by Luna raising the moon.

"Your welcome Luna." Celestia hugged Luna and turned and exited the balcony, she started looking for Captain Shield to get a repot on his progress.

What a crazy night, Luna thought to herself, it went from a relaxing long hot shower, to a normal breakfast/dinner with Celestia, to Chrysalis attacking Canterlot and taking 11 hostages, and all in one night.

Luna sighed, she was still on the balcony, she looked up at the moon, and thought of Sombra, she would do anything to have him in her hooves again, but at this point it doesn't seem thats going to happen. Luna's thoughts were suddenly broke by pain coming from her stomach. For the past couple of days Luna has had constant stomach pains, but these pains were different from any regular gas pains, Luna knew something was wrong, for these pains to keep happening. She agreed to herself hat if they didn't go away in the next week, she would see a doctor, but she had bigger things on her mind.