//------------------------------//
// Not Nice to Meet You 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

Sunset Shimmer started her story, “Before I met Storm Feathers, I didn’t have any friends. My parents really cared about their...I guess the word would be...reputation. How others ponies see them. Of course that meant that if I failed at something, they would get mad and you don’t want them mad...trust me. They didn’t want to be known as the parents of a failure, so I spent all my time working hard. I pushed my limits and expectations in magic which caused me to be noticed by Princess Celestia. That made my parents very happy and I guess the closest to feeling ‘proud’ of me. They pretty much told everypony that I was Princess Celestia’s star pupil and showed me off...like a trophy.” Everyone looked at Sunset with an expression of sadness, anger, and shock.

“That..that’s just wrong! No parent should treat their kid like that!” Applejack growled. Everyone nodded in agreement.

“Relax guys. I’m over that. Besides I have an even better family now. A family that loves me for who I am. I don’t need to earn their privilege to be apart of their family,” Sunset said. Everyone relaxed and looked at Sunset with small smiles.

“Come on Sunshim...don’t get sappy. Now continue the story,” Rainbow said. Everyone giggled and looked towards Sunset urging her to continue.

Sunset continued, “Well, I had my own room in the Canterlot Castle where I could study and practice magic. One day, when Princess Celestia and I were practicing she brought up the subject of friendship.”

”Good job Sunset Shimmer. You once again amaze me with your abilities. Our time is up and I’m afraid that I will be busy all day tomorrow. Why don’t you take that day off and hang out with your friends?” Princess Celestia suggested.

“No thanks Princess. I need to keep practicing, so I don’t get sloppy. Besides I don’t have friends. They’re a waste of time,” the little filly responded. Princess Celestia frowned.

“I disagree Sunset. Friends can help you out with your magic and-” Sunset cut Princess Celestia off.

“All they will do is slow me down! Besides...no pony wants to be my friend anyways. They are all intimidated by me and judge me just because I defended myself from a bully!”

“Sunset, you burned that poor colt. The others are just scared you will hurt them. I understand that he was mean, but he got seriously injured.”

“He deserved it,” Sunset mumbled. Princess Celestia sighed.

“Just try to make some friends,” Princess Celestia asked. Sunset looked at her and saw how much Princess Celestia wanted her to make some friends. Sunset looked away. One of the last things she wants to do is let Princess Celestia down.

“Fine,” Sunset grumbled. With that, Princess Celestia left the room, leaving Sunset alone. Lonely. That’s what Sunset felt most of the time. Her parents didn’t seem to love her, she had no friends, and Princess Celestia is so busy that she sees her only one hour a day. Sunset sighed for what seemed like the millionth time that day as she headed out the door.

CRASH!

Sunset Shimmer jumped as something crashed through the window and landed on the floor. Looking at the mess, Sunset growled.

“Hey! Who gave you the right to just go in-” Sunset stopped when her eyes landed on the griffon before her. He had grey fur and black feathers. He also had tiny blue lightning bolts on his chest and one bigger blue lightning bolt in his hair. His tail had black stripes and yet another lightning bolt on the end. He was on the floor not moving an inch. “What the...Oh my Celestia! Is he dead?! What do I do?! Celestia! I need to get to Princess Celestia she will know wha-” Sunset stopped when she heard a groan. She looked back to the griffon as he started to get up. “AHHH! ZOMBIE!”

“Will you quit screaming!” The griffon snapped. Sunset calmed down and got into an offensive stance. She charged up her horn and aimed at the griffon. He saw what she was doing and started to panic. “Woah, woah! Calm down! I won’t hurt you I promise. I just lost control when I was flying and crashed here by accident. Don’t hurt me!” he pleaded. Sunset glared at him, making him gulp. Finally, she sighed in annoyance and stopped her attack.

“Be careful next time! You gave me a heart attack.” The griffon blushed and scratched the back of his head.

“Sorry, um, my name is Storm Feather. You are?” The griffon, or Storm Feather asked. Sunset looked at him strangely.

“What’s a griffon like you doing in Canterlot?” Sunset asked, completely ignoring his question. Storm Feather blinked.

“Uh, you didn’t answer my question,” Storm Feather stated. Sunset glared at him.

“You think I care? How would you feel if a random pon-uh griffon crashed into your room, making a total MESS, and asked you for your name?” Sunset snarled. Storm Feather put his claw to his chin as if actually thinking about it. Sunset groaned and put a hoof on her face. “Look...just..tell me why your here and not in Griffonstone.”

“How about this. You tell me your name, and I tell you why I’m here. Plus I’ll help you clean up,” Storm Feather offered with  grin. Sunset raised her eyebrow.

After staring at him for a while, Sunset mumbled, “Sunset Shimmer.” Storm Feathered grin grew.

“What was that? I couldn’t hear you,” he said obviously teasing her.

“Grr...I said Sunset Shimmer,” Sunset growled.

“Still can’t hear ya,” Storm Feather teased.

“IT’S SUNSET SHIMMER!” Sunset yelled. Storm Feather laughed as Sunset was steaming with anger. Once Storm Feather was done laughing he gave Sunset a cheeky grin.

“Well, nice to meet you Sunset Shimmer.” Storm Feather said. Sunset just rolled her eyes and responded bitterly.

“Not nice to meet you.”

“And that’s how me and Storm Feather met.” Sunset ended her story.

“Storm Feather and I,” Twilight corrected. Sunset Shimmer rolled her eyes, but couldn’t stop her smile and blush that spread across her face as she thought about Storm Feather. Maybe she should visit him.