//------------------------------//
// Ninja Pony 
// Story: GuardiansOfHope 
// by Onyx_The_Wolf 
//------------------------------//

A white heart floated down from the sky, glowing faintly as it landed near the Castle of The Two Sisters.  It landed on the ground eventually taking the shape of a Earth pony with white fur, gray eyes, and Black hair with a white streak in his hair and tail. 
"Where..... Where am I?" 
(Switching to Twilight's POV)
"Do we really have to go in there again?" Fluttershy nervously asked she was referring to the Castle of the Two Sisters, where a rumored "Shadow Pony" existed.
"Yes Fluttershy remember? Celestia told us she felt a strange power resonating withing the castle and asked us to look into it." I replied. Princess Celestia had sent us to investigate whatever the strange power is coming from.
"Couldn't Chara have come with us?" asked the visibly sweating Rainbow Dash. The last time we came here  She and AppleJack  were scared stiff by a "Shadow Pony" or more specifically a Princess Luna in disguise looking for a laugh. Luna told me not to long ago when I asked her about the Shadow Pony. 
"He, Frisk, Asriel, and Toriel had gone to Canterlot for a road trip" I replied. 
Chara, The once possessed murderer turned good, was a good fighter so it was sensible for RD to want him to come along.
"What's the matter Rainbow? Scared?" Joked AppleJack, Making Rainbow flinch.
"Wha...? No! I just thought.... Um...." Rainbow tried to retort but failed miserably.
Suddenly a deep but low voice echoed from the castle, it sounded like when you want to yell at someone, but you have to be quiet as you do so.
" Y O U S H O U L D N ' T H A V E C O M E H E R E."
Pinkie Pie's tail twitched as she ducked from an incredibly large ninja Shuriken. I shivered as pure magic energy pulsed from the large throwing star.
" L E A V E. N O W. B E F O R E I W I L L B E F O R C E D T O G E T.... P H Y S I C A L."
This voice seemed  reluctant on those last words.
And that's when Rainbow had to open her large mouth.
" We're not scared of you!" Rainbow cried out.
" V E R Y W E L L. Y O U ' V E F O R C E D M Y H A N D." 
"Rainbow Dash!" we all yelled at her as she flinched from our combined voices
"What?"
(Switching to Wisp's POV) 
These stupid ponies need to leave me alone!
I threw a smoke bomb in front of the six ponies from my concealed spot as i noticed one of them was an alicorn. 
Crap! I can't fight royalty!
Too late. 
POOSH! I appeared in front of them, Katana in my mouth, ready to fight as the ponies took their battle stances, only to look at me with a confused look as i put the Katana on the ground and bowed in front of the purple Alicorn. 
"ummm...... What happened to getting physical?" Asked the clearly confused alicorn.
"I cannot fight royalty, unless of course you attack first, which will result in me returning the favor tenfold" i replied, causing the princess to cringe at the last eight words. "I am called Wisp, at your service Your Majesty."
The Princess visibly blushed at my words "Y-Your Majesty? Erm..... I preferred that you called by my actual name Twilight Sparkle, Or just Twilight, and these are my friends" She replied gesturing towards the other five ponies, four of the them reluctantly waving a hoof, the white unicorn with purple hair however, was examining my ponified ninja armor. 
" Oh Darling" Darling....? "You MUST tell me where did you get your FANTASTIC wardrobe!" she was touching every last inch of my ninja garb which, if not visible already, made me VERY uncomfortable
"Pony," I said in the most intimidating voice i possibly could "If you were not a friend of the Princess,    
Y O U ' D B E D E A D R I G H T W E R E Y O U S T A N D." Sadly, even though i was being VERY serious she didn't seem to care, She was more interested in touching the team symbol on my chest then paying any mind to my warning
Thankfully, An orange Earth Pony noticed I was being serious quickly came to my rescue and said to the Unicorn "Rarity, Ah'd back off if Ah were you." tugging off the unicorn who holding on TIGHTLY to my neck responded
" Five more minutes AppleJack! I know you don't care about fashion, but I was planning on making a new fashion line with-" 
"ENOUGH" I yelled out causing a burst of energy to knock down everyone and causing Twilight to shiver violently. "Your M- I-i- mean Twilight! are you OK?"
" Yeah, yeah................ I'm fine" she said. she seemed to be thinking about something as a bouncing pink fur ball somehow got right next to me and yelled,
"Hi'mIPinkiePiewhat'syourname?Doyoulikeparties?what'syourfavoritecake?What's-"
I quickly put my hoof on her mouth causing her to shut up and look cross-eyed at my appendage.
Cute.
" You already know my name. I'm not very fond of parties, i prefer peace and quiet. I like strawberry cheesecake. Got that?"
She nodded as  a blue Pegasus with a rainbow mane approached me.
"How good of a fighter are you?"  She asked 
" Better than you, And it's pretty obvious" i replied. not even exaggerating, i can actually tell and i could knock her down three seconds flat,
"Oh Really? Prove it." 
I shrugged and prepared a quick spell....
One...... 
Energy builded up as i took a battle stance 
Two.......
" PK Spirit α!"
A hot burst of energy blasted out as the Pegasus was quickly knocked down.
Three. I win.
She quickly got up as she tried hard to make look as if it hadn't hurt. She failed
"Heh heh.... Not bad. Name's Rainbow Dash" She shook my hoof as she said that. Did i gain her respect just by casting a spell? eh whatever, i need help to find Serena, Emma, Ja'mari and....... and....... huh, can't remember......... I swore there were five of us.......oh well.
"How'd you do that? you're clearly not a unicorn." asked the Princess as which i quickly replied,
"I'm not exactly a pony either. I'll explain later, if you agree to take me to Princesses Celestia and Luna."
"Well were going to take you whether ya wanted to or not." Replied AppleJack wait let me check if her name actually is that....
" Before we go i want to make sure i know everything so....."
"Your Majesty, Princess Twilight Sparkle."
"Just Twilight please" she replied as she clearly blushed to be called that.
"AppleJack"
"Yep"
"Pinkie Pie"
" Here!" Quickly replied the ever-bouncing pony
"Rainbow Dash."
"The one and only!" Someone's full of themselves.
" Rarity...... don't ever touch me like that again."
"Sorry Darling, i was just so excited seeing as you were friendly and you had an AMAZING outfit and-"
"OK, OK, i get the gist. And you are....?" I glanced at the the yellow Pegasus hiding behind a tree. she eeped as she realized I had already seen her and quietly replied
"Fluttershy" Her voice was somehow softer than mine.
"Excuse me?"
"Fluttershy" Somehow her name made a ton of sense.
"Huh, Fluttershy, nice name. Anyhow, I'm tired of sleeping in an abandoned castle so could we please move on before it gets dark?" i gestured towards the sun, still brightly shining in the sky, well not for long if we don't move on. 
"Right! Mission accomplished! We need to get to Ponyville real quick so i can notify the princess." Twilight mentioned and started walking into the forest but not before stopping to have some internal dialogue.  
I always notice these types so i quickly said "Twilight you OK?"
"Huh? Yeah, yeah i'm fine. Come on!" She replied as she ran into the Everfree. If only i noticed the black tendrils approaching us from behind I could've stopped  the attack before it began.
************************************************************************************************
"wait so you're a GHOST!?!?!?!" Asked Rainbow shocked as I finally finished telling them how i got here, how i found the Castle of the Two Sisters, how I needed help to find my friends, and how i learned everything i needed to know (and more importantly how to fight in my new pony form)  about pony kind.
"Half-Ghost technically speaking" I corrected " also don't call me a ghost. I like being called a spirit better"
"Why? I mean you don't have to tell us if you don't want to......" Asked Fluttershy being as polite as possible.
"Because being called a ghost bothers me Okay? I don't like to talk about it."
"How did you die?" Asked Pinkie Pie
I stopped dead in my tracks making obvious to the others that she had touched a nerve. Except for Pinkie. Go Figure
I quietly sighed and turned around facing Pinkie and showing to her i had teared up a bit. The only other person i had told this too...... I couldn't remember their name.
" Many years ago in my own dimension....."
(flashback time people! get your popcorn and enjoy the show!)
 I was a powerful ninja and had trained alongside my father and my best-est friend Sophia. We trained under the watchful eye of my father. One day Nightmare the king of shadows led his army of Soulless, creatures made of despair and darkness. They attacked my village, and my father tried to help protect the villagers. He was mortally wounded and no matter what i did he could not have been healed. Before his death, he revealed to us a secret he was supposed to take to his grave, Me and Sophia had powerful Light Magic capable of defeating Nightmare and his Soulless. He died that day. Sophia and I were determined to defeat Nightmare and we went to his Shadow Castle to defeat him. Blade met Blade! Magic countered Magic! Sophia and i were winning the fight until  Nightmare used my own DESPAIR against me. He created a hallucination of my father in order to distract me, and attempted to deal the final blow.......
"And that's how you died!" Pinkie assumed
"Shh!" Rarity Exclaimed her makeup running down her face along with her tears " Please continue Wisp Darling" 
"Ahem!"
.........and Sophia took the attack. I had lost two people valuable to me that day. My SOUL felt as though it was about to burst as Sophia uttered her last words.
"I love.............. you...........  Charles........"
"I love you too! That's why it can't end like this!"
"G o o d b y e    C h a r l e s"
Her SOUL appeared before me, as it faded away, not shattering, just disappeared, never to be seen again. I Did not let her death be in vain. Nightmare and I fought with everything we had, until Nightmare was successfully slain, swearing that his descendant would be out for revenge. I walked away hoping to prepare a funeral for my father, Sophia, and all the dead villagers. Only to have be impaled by Nightmares blade. 
"I warned you before we fought Charlie........ Y O U ' D B E D E A D R I G H T W E R E Y O U S T A N D." 
However my determination refused to let me die, allowing me to come back many years later, with a white soul and the duty to protect someone. Sadly, I somehow forgot who that was. But whoever they were, they began a team with three of their friends and me. He called us the Guardians Of Hope. We worked to fill people with HOPE and vanquish any DESPAIR that stood in our way. All the while i searched for Sophia's spirit, But it was never found........ 
" and to this day i'm still looking for her."
"That is awesome!" Exclaimed Rainbow. Everyone stared at her " I mean not the part about you losing your friend and dying!" She quickly explained "The part were your a ninja with really strong Magic! So your some kind of Ninja Pony!"
"'Ninja Pony' huh. Has a nice ring to it." i replied
Twilight notepad out, quickly asked " so what exactly is a soulless?" 
Before i could reply i noticed a A shadowy creature appear behind Twilight and i pulled out my Katana and prepared to take a swing
"Umm..... Wisp???" She asked fear rising in her voice 
"Duck!" I cried out attacking the creature. as i did so, i noticed a white gem on the creatures chest......
In the shape of a broken heart.
"Looks like your about to find out! Get behind me!" 
Two more Soulless appeared next to it each one baring their fangs
"Come at me!"