//------------------------------//
// Liar Liar 
// Story: Little Liar on the Prairie 
// by Sherlocked-Dawn 
//------------------------------//

Plopping down on the soft couch with a bowl of ice cream in hand, Applejack melted into the cushions and sighed.
It had been a harder week than usual and she was overly grateful the weekend was here so that she could have a bit of time to recuperate before Monday.
Grabbing the remote off of the coffee table, the blonde turned the television on and opened up the DVR, finding the next episode of Little House on the Prairie that she had saved to watch later.
Applejack hummed along as she heard the tune of the familiar opening title and moved around a bit to get comfortable.
Just as the episode really got started, there was a knock at the front door before it opened slowly and Rainbow Dash stepped through, grinning sheepishly.
“Hey babe,” Rainbow greeted Applejack as she shut the door behind her and walked over to where the farmer was sitting.
“Hi darlin’,” the cowgirl replied before Rainbow ran her hand over Applejack’s scalp and bent over for a kiss.
Pulling away, Applejack spread her legs and patted the space between them, motioning for Rainbow to sit.
Rainbow complied, sitting down and leaning against the taller girl, earning a peck against her temple.
“How was your day? You look tired.”
“Long. Hard. Exhaustin‘. Y’wouldn’t think two days without extra help would wear you out so much, but it does. How was yours, sugar? Practice go okay?”
The athlete shrugged. “Meh, it was alright. Spitfire was in a mood today, everything we did was wrong. Oh, what’s in the bowl?” Rainbow asked curiously, nabbing it out of Applejack’s grasp before she could respond.
Taking a bite of the sweet substance, she frowned and handed the bowl back. “Chocolate chip cookie dough? That’s gross. Rocky road is where it’s at, yo.”
Applejack snorted. “Then maybe y’should bring your own instead of complainin’ about it every time you come over. ’Sides, Mac picked it out, it’s his favorite,” she added as she took a bite of her own.
“Nah, I’ve gotta have something to give you a hard time about. That’s my job, you know.”
“Oh I know, and y’do your job real well too.”
“Yeah I do. Nothing but the best for you, Jacks. By the way, did you use that shampoo I like? I can smell it. It makes me wanna bury my nose in your hair creepily.”
Laughing, Applejack nodded. “Yepp, I picked up a bottle while I was at the store earlier since I know how much you like it.”
“You should use it like, all the time. It smells like fresh citrus and makes my mouth water.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
Focusing her attention on the TV, Rainbow grabbed the corner of the throw blanket that was laying on the back of the couch and pulled it over the both of them.
Applejack wrapped her arms around the smaller girl before taking another couple bites.
“Nelly’s such a whiny bitch,” Rainbow idly commented, watching the blonde girl on the screen scream about something.
“Yeah, I ain’t too keen on her or her mama, to be honest. They make great antagonists for the show though.”
They watched on in silence for a few minutes before Rainbow spoke up again.
“Can I say something cheesy?”
“’Course, say what’s on your mind.”
“I can’t wait ‘til our house is finished so I don’t have to come over here just to hang out with you.”
“Uh, whad’dia mean? Y’know our house is bein’ built on the property, you’re still gonna have to drive out here every day.”
“Yeah, but I won’t just be coming over, I’ll be coming home. For the first time in my life, I’ll finally have somewhere to call my own, and someone to call my own.”
Touching the shining silver band on Applejack’s left ring finger, she continued. “I can’t wait to be able to do these sorta things with you every day in our own house, on our own TV, just you and me… and maybe a dog or cat or something. We’ve gotta have something to keep our feet warm at night.”
Smiling widely, Applejack leaned down to kiss her fiancée tenderly, eliciting a small moan from her lover.
“And I can’t wait t’marry you, Rae. The day we say our vows will be one of the happiest of my life.”
Giving Applejack another long kiss, Rainbow nestled deeper into the farmer’s chest and directed her attention back to the screen.
“Y’know, for someone who thinks this show is the ‘most lame television show in the like, history of all television shows’, y’sure watch it a lot,” Applejack said, placing the now empty bowl next to the lamp on the in-table.
“Uh, no I don’t. I only watch when I’m over and you’re watching it.”
“So your comin’ over every Friday ‘round eight which is just about the time I put this show on is just a coincidence?”
“I can’t help if when I want to spend time with you coincides with your show. Because I’m totally here to hang out with you, not to watch TV.”
Applejack raised an eyebrow. “Mhmm. That’s why you told me to stop tryin’ to get frisky with you and be quiet when the season three finale was on last month? Because you weren’t watchin’ it. You‘re such a liar.”
“Okay, maybe I was watching it a tiny little bit because it was intense, I mean they were losing all of their crops and had to leave their home! But also, your family was upstairs and I didn’t want them to see that if they came down. I was looking out them. I‘m a hero, really.”
“Y’could hear both Big Mac and Granny snorin’. Apple Bloom was at Rarity’s. Outta excuses yet? Just admit it. You like the show.”
“No-”
“Admit it or no fun for a month.”
Rainbow crossed her arms and huffed. “Fine. I like it. A lot. Even though it’s super lame and totally not cool to watch, I like the stupid show. There. You happy now?”
“Yes, very much, thank you. Now snuggle with me and let’s see how many episodes we can make it through ‘fore I fall asleep.”
Rainbow laughed. “Sounds good to me.”