//------------------------------//
// The Last Night of Summer 
// Story: Equestrian Graffiti 
// by Oliver Hellfire 
//------------------------------//

Socket Wrenchturn rubbed the gloss white roll bar on the Dodge Victory Six Coupe as he thought. His sister, All Star Wrenchturn, walked into the garage and gazed at the low and open engine bay.

"Socket, that's a 392 Hemi," she said, shocked, and not acknowledging the lower than legal ride height.

"Yep," he said.

"Where's your windshield," she asked.

He pointed a hoof at the goggles on his head.

"You never change brother," she shook her head.

"I just hope that you make something of yourself," she said as she left.

Socket examined the rack and pinion steering system, and the open wheel wells. He had made this car to beat those Deuce coupes, and would. With four on the floor, and a barely legal 392 with Lake Headers and exhaust that ended just in front of the upper corner of the doors. The little roadster was truly a hot rod worth racing.

The last night of summer, then he was shipping off to a shop in Ponyville. He had butterflies in his stomach as he sheepishly stepped into the car. He was quiet all his life, but tonight he would open up.






“Oh, mare! It’s the last night of summer baby. Ain't that right Tavi. Oh, right, I still gotta call her,” DJ Pon3’s voice came out of the radio and filled Desert Blossom with a warmth in her gut as she fixed her ‘52 Hudson Hornet. She still had to meet her friends, at the drive in, in about 20 minutes. It was still six o'clock, but it felt earlier.

‘I wonder what captain shy is up to,’ she thought as she finished replacing the air filter.






“Children this is the Pon Three Y show on CPRB and I’ve got a surprise start for you tonight,” DJ Pon3 exclaimed.

“Here’s The Monotones, Book of Love,” she exclaimed with a laugh as the music roared forth with the mighty belch and growl of the 392 leaving the compound that Socket called home. He stepped on the gas, and pulled his bandana and goggles over his face.






“You guys don't understand dude, that kid is crazy. No one just doesn't talk,” Sunrise Summer said as she stood with her friend, a blue baby dragon in a leather jacket.

“You listening to me Fable,” she asked him.

“Yes Sunrise, I’ve been listening to you,” he said as he sucked on a toothpick.

The music played loudly through the drive in speakers as hot rods passed by, or stopped in.

“I still can't believe you're joining the army,” she said.

“I just want to protect my home,” he said.

“What will you do,” he asked her.

“I’m not sure,” she said truthfully as her gaze dropped.

A white roadster passed by with a mousy gray buck at the wheel passed, but his face was covered.

“I think you spoke of the devil, but I didn't know he had a car,” the dragon said.

“What do you mean,” she asked.

“He means that you were speaking of someone who appeared after you spoke of him,” a blue buck said standing by a ‘55 Chevrolet sedan.

“Names Silverstreak. I'm from the southside.” the blue buck said. “Built this little beauty myself” he said as he patted the sedan. Sunrise looked at the beaten looking hot rod and took note of the junker turned speed machine. “It looks like it came out of the Midtown Junkyard instead of a shop.” Fable said as he kicked the front fender.

“I'll have you know that this was my grandfather's drag car horns for brains!” Silverstreak said as he pushed Fable back. “Maybe next time consider your word choice before making assumptions puny.” he then got into the sedan and with a loud roar from it's v8 drove off away from the two.

“Some comeback,” Fable said with a mischievous grin.









“C’mon Sunny I’m sorry,” Lucid yelled after her friend.

“Go to hell Lucid,” Sunny cried as she walked away.

Lucid was left standing alone by her ‘58 Impala.

“I didn't mean it like that,” she called half heartedly as the song ended, and was followed by

The Flamingos, “I Only Have Eyes For You”







Blossom pulled up to a light, next to the unknown gray buck in the roadster, and looked down at the low roadster, and smiled.

The buck reached into his bomber jacket and tossed a card through her window that read, ‘I’m in love with you’, but before she could say anything,  the light turned green and he took off.

“Shit,” she shouted as she tried to catch up to the roadster, but to no avail as he blew through a light, threading the needle through traffic.

She sighed and turned into the drive in, parking beside a Corvette.

“Hey Blossom,” Sunrise shouted as she and Fable walked to the car.

“Hey Sunrise. Hey Fable,” Blossom said, distant.

“What's wrong,” Fable asked.

She hoofed him the card, and said, “Somepony in a tricked out Victory Six gave this to me, and took off.”

“That's crazy,” Sunrise said.

Blossom wondered who it was when DJ Pon3y came back on.







“Hahaha! Oh, this is the Pon 3 Y show, and I’m DJ Pon3y. We got Octavia With us finally. So tell me Tavi, you ready to make a couple prank calls,” she exclaimed.

“Vinyl, it’s almost eight at night, and that hardly seems proper,” the second voice said.

“We’ll be right back after, Tequila,” She exclaimed.

VROOM!

A deuce coupe with a flathead revved at Socket, who looked at the driver, who said cheekily, “On green, I’m gonna beat you to the second light.”

The light changed, and Socket left the buck in the dust with a flurry of noise and movement, before turning left at the end, and cruising down the next boulevard, and was flagged down by a teary eyed white mare with a pink mane.

“Can I cruise with you for the night,” she asked him.

He nodded shyly and she got in, and held out her hoof.

“I’m Sunny Skies,” she said as she rubbed her eyes.

“I’m Socket wrench,” he said in a near whisper.

“What,” she asked.

He held up his drivers license, but covered the picture.

“Nice to meet you Socket,” she said.

He stepped on the gas as she buckled up, and he used his magic to open the glove box and write, why are you alone and crying, before showing it to Sunny.

“My best friend told me that she didn't want to be my friend anymore,” she burst into tears once more.

Socket felt guilty, but decided to try and distract her.


Equestrian Graffiti