//------------------------------//
// The Question 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

“Hey Sunshim...Sunset?...SUNSET SHIMMER!” Rainbow Dash yelled in Sunset’s ear.

“AAAHHHH!” Sunset screamed as she fell out of her chair. It was another Saturday afternoon at Sugar Cube Corner, their hangout spot. Sunset was thinking yet again of Storm Feather and wasn’t listening to any of her friends. Of course, Rainbow noticed this and tried to get her attention by screaming in her ear. Sunset groaned as she got back up and sat in her chair. After the ringing in her ear stopped she glared and Rainbow and asked, “What the heck was that for?”

“You were spacing out. I called your name, like, a million times!” Rainbow responded.

“Oh,” Sunset said with a blush, “Sorry..I was just thinking of something.” Everyone looked at her with worry. “Don’t worry guys. It’s nothing bad. It’s just that...” Sunset trailed off. Her face turned from a frown to a small smile and blush. Everyone looked at each other before turning back to face Sunset.

Applejack coughed and said with a smile, “Well sugar cube, if it’s nothing we should worry about, we won’t worry about it. Now then, me and the others have been wondering about something you said.” Sunset looked up at Applejack with confusion. “Who is Storm Feather?” As soon as she said that name, Sunset’s blush turned into a darker shade of red.

“Well, um, he was..probably the closest thing I had to a friend back when I was Princess Celestia’s student. He’s kind, funny, caring, strong, understanding, cu-uh cool,” Sunset rambled. She had a big smile on her face and a blush that was as red as her hair. Her friends all grinned at her.

“So...he was your boyfriend?” Rainbow teased. That made Sunset’s blush turn into a deep shade of red, that even Rarity didn’t know it existed.

“NO! He was just..some griffon I knew.” Sunset stuttered. Rarity squealed, Rainbow had a teasing grin, and everyone else giggled.  “Guys, seriously, there was nothing between us. We weren’t even friends,” Sunset said after she stopped blushing. Her friends didn’t stop though.

“Oh, come on! There had to be something between you that made you call out his name back when you had your memories erased.” Rarity said. Sunset looked at all her friends and sighed.

“Can’t we all just drop this, please. I don’t want to talk about this,” Sunset begged. She looked sad and gloomy. This was all beginning to upset her and her friends knew that, so they stopped.

“Sorry Sunset. We were just curious. If you don’t want to answer you don’t have to. I guess..it’s because you never tell us anything about your life back then. I mean, all we know is that you were Princess Celestia’s star pupil and you ran through the portal because you got bitter,” Fluttershy apologized. Sunset looked at her and then looked away with a guilty look on her.

“That and you weren’t close to your parents,” Applejack added. Sunset sighed. She knew they were right. They didn’t know a lot about her life. All they knew was that she was a unicorn who went down a dark path, but was able to change. They know that she likes video games, sushi, art, and riding on her motorcycle. They knew that she was a good friend. They knew her personality, but they don’t know about her backstory, her life. They don’t know what her life was before coming through the portal, they don’t even know what she went through went she first came into their world. It’s not because they didn’t ask, it’s because Sunset didn’t answer, because Sunset didn’t want to talk about it. Sunset was snapped out of her thoughts as one of her friends spoke.

“Is it because you don’t trust us?” Pinkie asked quietly. The made Sunset look up at her. Pinkie’s usual poofy hair was deflated a little.

“No.. Of course I trust you. I’m sorry, it’s just that...I don’t like talking about it,” Sunset said. She looked into each of her friend’s eyes and saw sadness. They should know. They deserve to know. With a determined look she spoke up, “I can tell you about him.”

“Sunset you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Fluttershy said, afraid that they had accidentally pressured her into telling them something.

“No..I..I want to tell you about him,” Sunset smiled. “I guess I should start with how I met him.”