//------------------------------//
// Late Night Cuddly Tales 
// Story: Moonlight 
// by Nathan Hon 
//------------------------------//

Nathan placed his left ear close to the doors of Luna’s bedroom, giggling as he heard the princess talking to herself.

“Hmph! Selfish sister,” She said to herself, landing on the bed with a plop. “Why can’t I get the cuddles from him?”

A week ago, Celestia invited Nathan, her human ally and cuddle buddy, to visit and cuddle with her in sleep. They had a really fun time expressing their feelings about each other, at least until Luna came in. At that point, the two naive sisters argued over who will get to spend the night with him, but after he blew up and decided it himself, all Luna could do that night was curl into a ball with a tear in her eye.

She sighed. “I just wanted to have somepony who understands me to spend time with...”

Nathan’s heart melted, and after a little giggle, he turned the handle and entered.

“I know, Luna. And I do too.”

She turned around, jumping up from her bed with a gasp. “Oh! Hey, Nathan!” She wiggled her flank in excitement before staring deeply into his light green eyes, her tail swishing behind her.

“Hey,” He replied, chuckling. “You didn’t expect me to be here tonight, did- Oh!”

He was cut off as Luna tackled him with a loving hug, forcing him to the ground. Her navy cheeks rubbed against the side of her friend’s, humming in content as she nuzzled. The impact was rather warm and pleasant, and his surprised look turned into a cheery one in seconds.

“Did you hear what I said, my friend?” Luna whispered into his ear, her eyes closed.

Nathan nodded and wrapped her head in his arms. “Hehe, I promised that I would visit you sometime, did I not? Now stop being jealous, alright?”

Luna continued nuzzling in pure cheer. He tried to get up, but the princess won’t let him, as she rolled over him a few times, cuddling him forcefully.

“Haha, looks like you’re feeling really, really affectionate tonight,” He said.

But she still didn’t feel satisfied, and started whining. “Awwww, stop it! Give me what I asked for last week! Come on!”

“What?”

“*whining* Snuggle me already!”

He pulled them up. “Ahhhh, right,” He replied as he let go. “I did promise you I would, sorry I forgot and I didn’t do it till today. I wanted to surprise you and I’ve been busy.”

Luna stuffed his mouth with a hoof, smiling.

“No need to apologize,” She giggled. “Because I’ll get them eventually. Now, come here, you little biscuit!”

Luna once again tackled the human and the two, now with their arms gripped tightly around in an embrace, rolled back and forth with each other on her large bed, laughing in content. A minute later, they landed side-by-side on the crescent moon symbol on the blanket, a little distant from the soft pillows. Nathan brushed away Luna’s stunning mane to look into her sapphire coloured eyes.

“I’m sorry,” He confessed.

“For what?” Luna asked as she wrapped her hooves around his neck lovingly, bringing their heads together.

“I never realized how amazing you looked and chose to snuggle your sister,” Nathan addressed, a blush forming on his cheeks. “You... You look even prettier than her. Like, a lot. Why didn’t I cuddle you, your highness?”

Luna giggled as he was over exaggerating. “Awww, don’t say that. I’m... I’m just an overshadowed one, that’s all.”

“That’s your past self, Luna,” Nathan told her. “You’ve changed now. You’re not overshadowed at all in my opinion. But... I really do wish you got more attention. I mean, you’re just as hard working and kind and Tia. Why can’t you be praised like her? I just don’t understand...”

“I don’t know either,” Luna responded. “But I’m trying to get used to it.”

“Good. I don’t want you and Tia to fight.”

They shuffled a bit back over to rest their heads. Nathan spent a good few minutes looking at the charming princess, as she was nuzzling into his chest. He brushed her mane lightly with his fingers, and her reaction tells him that she really likes the sensation.

“I used to do this every night...” Luna whispered. “I miss those days.”

“Cuddling? With who?”

She looked at him. “Celestia. When we were still fillies, we used to sleep together every night. I loved that because it felt really comfortable and I feel safe when she’s with me, since she’s older and wiser.”

“So that’s why you wanted me to snuggle with you so bad...” Nathan concluded, hugging the princess. “Do you mind telling me more about how you got them cuddling techniques?”

“Certainly not,” She hummed in agreement.

Nathan got himself ready and tried his best to stay awake. Definitely best for him to do that so Luna does not start whining. So, what he did was he let go of her so the snuggling won’t drive him to dreamland, even though Luna didn’t want to.

“You know, it’s great having a big sister that’s kind as her,” She began. “When I was still a baby, every time I slept, I would look at my sister- Who was in the bed next to my crib. She’s three years older. One night, I felt something on my side when I was asleep. I turned- to find my sister, who was still very little, right next to me, crying. I tried to comfort her by cuddling.”

“Awww... Cute~” Nathan squeaked. “More in depth storytelling, if you don’t mind?”

“Well... I would have to go to the Dream Realm by now...” She said. “But, since you’re here... I don’t suppose...?”

Nathan gasped. “Oh, come on, Luna. Don’t skip your work just for me, please. Just do your thing and come back to me. Probably my dream will be blank since I rarely dream.”

“Alright, fine...”

********

In dreamland, Nathan opened his eyes as he felt a nudge by his side.

“Nathan~” Luna whispered.

He turned with a grin. “Finally. I need my snuggles from my dearest cuddle buddy.”

But he only chuckled as he found that he was already being spooned by Luna, cuddling him in content and squeezing his body.

“You asked me to tell you more about me and Tia cuddling, right?”

“Mhmm.” Nathan turned to face her. It was then he found out he was sleeping on a cloud, which made the snuggling even better.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you. Things only get cuter from here.” She started nibbling lightly on his ear.

“Oh, gosh. Well, do your worst.”

*********

It was a rainy, cold night. The two little princesses were asleep, but Celestia felt rather alone this night as their parents were out doing something important and haven’t returned. So she slept alone and she felt really cold, even with the large blankets. Why? Because she couldn’t feel the warmth her parents were giving.

She let out a cry and opened her eyes. It was then she found her solution- Her sister.

Baby Luna was still sleeping soundly in her little crib. It was a little big and she only covered one side of it, so baby Celestia thought that she could probably just about fit in there. So, she began crawling a bit towards the left edge of the bed. She peeked over, and saw her sister sleeping soundly.

Since Luna’s crib was placed right up against the bed frame, Celestia thought she could just slowly slide down- Somehow. She slid over, and immediately felt scared. She held onto the blanket tightly, but her grip wasn’t strong enough and she landed right beside baby Luna with a thud.

Luna opened her eyes, and heard crying sounds start to emerge behind her.

She didn’t want to see her sister crying, and she did the one thing she could do- To snuggle with her big sister. She shuffled closer and awkwardly wrapped her little hooves around her. Instantly, baby Celestia cried as she mirrored the action.

They both looked at each other, with their hooves still around the other.

“Tia!” Luna squeaked, even though she could still barely talk at her age.

A smile took over the big sister’s face as her baby sister huddled up with her, making adorable squeaks as she snuggled. Suddenly, she started calming down and her tears dried up.

“*sniff* Luna...” Celestia squeaked, planting a kiss on her tiny head.

The both shared a giggle and cuddled for the whole night.

********

“Ahhhhh! Okay! Okay!” Nathan said, dying of cuteness. “Stop, Luna! Please!”

Luna, on the other hand, started dying of laughter. “Aha! I get it! Your weakness is adorable snuggling and adorableness! Well, then very well! I shall tease you more!”

Nathan gave a playful slap against her cheek. “Noooooooo please! Have mercy, Luna!”

They both laughed out loudly.

“But seriously,” He interuppted. “That really was adorable.”

Luna hummed as she leaned closer. “It was. *sigh* At least... Before I turned evil, we would do that a lot. Yes, we cuddled less when we got older since we thought it was childish- Not really now, but we would still occasionally find our dear sibling snuggling right up close unplanned every few nights or so.”

“Before you turned evil?” Nathan asked. “I know the story, but... Why did you stop after you returned? It’s okay if you don’t tell me, though. I understand it’s personal.”

She shook her head, and smiled. “No, it’s fine,” She replied, holding one of Nathan’s hands. “Well... When I first felt jealous of how greatly praised my sister was, I already stopped the routine completely. Later on, I even quarreled and had a big fight with her too. So... *sniff* When I came back... I thought she was still mad at me for what I did...”

Her slight sniffle during the sentence slowly turned to a sob, and eventually she started crying a little. Nathan gasped and immediately hugged Luna.

“Stop there. I don’t want to make you feel any worse,” He said.

Luna smiled, tears still flowing out. “*sobs* Th-Thank you. You’re so considerate and kind...”

Nathan gently started comforting her by patting her back as he snuggled her. Rubbing her back up and down, he gave her time to calm down before carrying on. As he saw a smile on her face, he gave a loving kiss on her muzzle.

She giggled as she snuggled deeper. “Awww, that’s cute.”

“So, feeling better now, princess?”

“Mhmm, thanks.”

He flashed her a smile before tightening his grip, his legs fidgeting with hers. He purred and sighed blissfully. “You’re welcome. Hey, have I told you how good of a cuddle buddy you are, Luna?”

She blushed. “Hehe, I can say the same to you.”

A grin took over their lips. Luna pressed her’s into Nathan’s for a kiss. They held the kiss for what seemed like forever- As they both tightened their grip, leaning closer.

“Mmmmmm,” Luna hummed, slightly muffled since she technically hadn’t broke the kiss yet. “Tighter. I can take it.”

Nathan wanted to chuckle, and did as she told him. They nuzzled their noses playfully and crossed each other’s legs. A second later, Luna lifted her friend up with a roll, and the two started to roll around over each other, cuddling in content and kissing.

“D’awww, Luna...” Nathan laughed with Luna rolling over him. “Why have I never seen this side of you?”

He was interuptted by a quick peck on the cheek. Then she replied sarcastically, “Oh, I don’t know, because I’m royalty? You know princesses aren’t known to be so personal.”

“Right... I wish ponies knew. Then they won’t be scared of you, no offense.”

“None taken.”

The two finally released their embrace, but still kept an arm and hoof around each other. They continued to share stories related to snuggling, and shared a lot of giggles.

“You know, I really, really love Twilight. I mean, I snuggle with a plushie of her before bed before I met her!”

“That’s adorable,” Luna replied. “What else?”

“Let me think... *chuckles* Oh, right. This one time, when I recorded a video with her, Dash and Flutters, we were doing a team challenge and I was paired with Twi. We lost the bet and guess what our punishment was.”

“Hmm? What is it?” Luna’s ears perked up in excitement.

He brought her face close. “Exactly what we just did.”

Luna tried so hard to hold the laugh in, but her lips were in the state of bursting out laughing. So she did.

“You recorded it!?” She asked, still in hysterics, her hooves thumping on the fluffy cloud floor and her body tingling with utter joy. “You have to send me that clip, I swear!”

“Just search it up. It’s in the video,” Nathan laughed. “Alright. Your turn.”

He huddled up close, pressing against her chest and being the little spoon. Luna kindly wrapped her hooves around him, even giving a kiss on his ear.

“There’s one night I particularly remember.”

“Go on.”

“It was when I was around four, and Tia was seven,” She began. “Tia already slept on her own bed and I would occasionally sleep with her, if my parents are out doing something. This is the period of time where I had the most fun cuddling and knew all the tricks.”

“I see. Interesting.”

“*chuckles* I would never forget that night, because of how silly we were,” Luna giggled. “See, our bed was split into two halves to prevent Tia and I fighting for space. Well, let’s just say we ‘crossed the line’ and we started quarreling and fighting. It was one of our first fights.”

“Oh no! Did you hurt yourself?”

She nodded and sighed. “Yes, we did hurt each other a tiny bit... We didn’t care at that moment, though, since we were so focused on the arguing. But the next night, we made up and... *chuckles* We started becoming really cheesy. This was when I learnt the tips of snuggling- We had a cuddle battle.”

“Awww! Really?” Nathan giggled.

“Okay, how about I go into detail now, hm?”

“Sure!”

********

It was almost bedtime for the two fillies. That night, Luna was arranged to sleep with her sister, which she absolutely loved. Celestia had such a big bed even though she was a filly, and it was super soft.

Since she couldn’t fly yet, Celestia carried her up to her bed, usually just barely enough strength. They each tucked themselves into their own side of the bed. To avoid little quarrels between the two for space when they sleep together, the bed was divided into two even halves. The left side, close to the door, was Celestia’s, with her orange pillows and mattress. The right side, close to the window, was Luna’s. Her pillows were blue and had a blue mattress to sleep on.

The two shared a big blanket, Celestia’s side with her colour and half of the sun, Luna’s side with her colour and half of a round moon. The two halves joined together in the middle. The two fillies agreed that most of their body cannot pass through the line where the sun and moon meet, but it’s okay to cuddle as long they don’t do that.

“Sweet dreams, little sis,” Celestia said, kissing her sister.

Luna giggled and nuzzled her nose against Celestia’s. “You too. I love my dear Tia!”

“And I love my dear Lulu too.”

The two wrapped themselves in a warm hug after a brief kiss. Celestia turned off the lights, and Luna opened the curtains to let the moon shine on them. They looked at each other again, their foreheads touched, and they nuzzled with a smile as they drifted into sleep.

But this is where the fun part comes in.

In the middle of the night, the two were sleeping soundly and naturally cuddling each other. Luna stirred in her sleep, nudging her sister. Celestia also shuffled to find a comfortable spot to sleep. But since they didn’t want to let go, they ended up turning sideways with each other, their heads sliding off the pillow and overlapping both sides of the bed.

As they kept wiggling, they eventually peeked a little bit, to find both of them ‘crossing the line’. They immediately opened their eyes.

“Uhhhh Tia?” Luna asked. “Why are you on my side?”

Celestia shook her head. “What? You are on my side too!”

“Your head is kinda on my blue side,” Luna said, making a gesture to make her go back to her side. “So... Shoo.”

“Well, your hooves are on my orange side,” Celestia replied. “You gonna go back, or what?”

Luna didn’t agree. “Nuh-uh! You go!” She nudged a little.

“Ugh, what are you waiting for?” Celestia nudged back. “You go!”

The two sisters changed their face into a slightly annoyed one. They started nudging and pushing each other to a different angle, and now Luna’s head was on the orange half, and Celestia’s hooves on the blue.

“Oh, great,” Celestia moaned. “Just go back to your side, Lulu!”

“Nah! You go, Tia!” Luna cried, playfully slapping her.

Now they’re a bit mad. Celestia pushed Luna back to her side, and Luna did the same afterwards, but they were cuddling so they ended up on each other’s side. This process of pulling and pushing each other lasted around 5 minutes and soon the two found themselves on opposite sides.

They let go of their embrace.

“H-Hey!” Luna cried, lightly slapping her sister again.

Celestia gasped and did the same. “That’s my side!”

They wanted to pull the blanket of their own side back to them, but soon started a little tug-of-war. They started at the edges, but soon pulled towards the middle and banged their head against each other’s. They locked each other with their hooves, leaving no room of escape for their little counterpart. They started pushing their white and blue heads back and forth in anger.

“You go back!” Celestia cried.

“No, you go!” Luna cried back.

At this point, both of them were on the wrong side. They started whining and their horns glowed, clashing into each other’s, making them sweat and cry a little bit. 

“Luna...”

“Tia...”

The two still kept pushing childishly. Soon, they’ve had enough. With their horns glowing gold and navy, they both locked onto each other, getting up with their little wings spread.

“*whines* Stop being in my way!”

They let loose and started slapping prematurely, and a second later, they both moved close swiftly and crashed into each other, and started fighting. They started slapping, hitting and kicking each other with their four hooves, letting out a few cries, but showing no mercy.

“*whines* Why are you so mean, Tia!” Luna cried, tugging Celestia’s wing.

“Ow! Stop it, Luna!” Celestia cried while kicking her sister. “You’re the mean one!”

She used a simple spell to try and knock Luna away to the edge, but her horn just touched Luna’s, backfiring it and flinging them both apart. In anger, the two tried to run towards the other, but crashed on impact.

“Oof!” They both cried as they banged into their sibling. “Grrr!”

Swiftly, the two sisters grabbed hold of each other, forcing them down to the bed, right back at where they started their feud. They tried to get loose, but their selfish and naughty sister won’t let go. The two fillies struggled for a little while, but became tired. Yet, they didn’t give up.

“*cries* I hate my sister!”

Furiously, the big and little sisters gripped on tight, and started rolling around and over each other several times forcefully. How naive- A little problem between them sparked off a big fight and now a lot of crying and arguing.

********

“Geez!” Nathan exclaimed and interrupting the story. He came so close to swearing. “You girls really are naive!”

But to his surprise, Luna giggled. “Haha, I haven’t finished yet.”

The human gasped in horror. “Uh oh. Are we getting to the part where you hurt each other?”

Luna laughed even harder as she turned her back against Nathan so she doesn’t start spitting out saliva and choking on him by accident. “Relax, it wasn’t really, really bad. But yes, it hurt a bit.”

“Well, then move on already!” He begged, snuggling Luna from behind and being the big spoon.

********

“Why do you always do this, Luna!?” Celestia yelled, rolling over her sister.

“*cries* I hate my big sister! Hmph!” Luna yelled back.

The two continued to roll around for a couple minutes, both quarreling loudly with each other. Eventually- They got really tired, and angrily rolled back to where they were supposed to sleep, and finally let go as they landed on their side.

But they were still very mad.

“Okay! There!” Celestia huffed. “Wasn’t that easy!?”

Luna frowned in anger. “Well, you started it first!”

“How about we just go to bed, Luna?” Celestia crossed her hooves.

Luna did the same, murmuring before she replied. “Oh, that would be great, if we stop being at each other’s throats!”

“Alright, fine!”

“Fine!”

“Hmph!” They both turned their backs, not looking at each other for the rest of the night as they slept back-to-back.


The next night, they were secretly arranged to sleep together again. Well, technically they know, since their parents have to leave for a few days.

Sooooo now they’re stuck with their sort of ‘Enemy sibling’.

Like the day before, Luna walked beside Celestia to their quarters, both of them still looking a bit angry. They briefly turned their heads to glance at each other with a frown, but they soon turned back with a hmph. Celestia opened the doors, and as they were both in, she closed it with her magic.

“Well?” Luna asked from behind.

Celestia sighed, and lifted her up unwillingly. Same thing happens, they go to their side, and they told each other not to cross the line again, before arguing a little. After a sigh, Celestia turned off the lights, and Luna opened the curtains. But neither one wanted to snuggle tonight.

Until...

“Celestia?” Luna asked, not looking at her.

“What now, Luna?” Celestia remained motionless.

“Can... Can we talk?” Luna begged.

She sighed. “Alright. But I’m not sorry.”

Luna let out a hmph. “Neither am I.”

The solar princess rolled her eyes. The two both turned unwillingly. The conversation was a little awkward, both seemingly not enjoying the process, even though they both agree to it. Suddenly, Celestia saw a bit of bruises on Luna’s hooves. Luna saw the same thing with Celestia.

“Wait...” Celestia said. “You’re hurt!”

Luna gasped. “You too!”

The two recalled what happened the night before- All that arguing and fighting they had... that caused them to get slightly hurt. It was then they realized- They did something bad with somepony they absolutely loved.

“We... we hurt each other...” Celestia cried.

“And we said so many hurtful things...” Luna cried.

The two starred blankly with a blush, tears forming in their eyes. They moved closer and touched each other’s hooves.

“Tia... I...”

“Oh, Lulu...”

They both started crying and held each other close in their hooves. They felt really guilty for fighting with their sister. It’s not the fact they fought that hurts them- It was what they said to each other. Tears flowed down their cheeks as they pressed close.

“I’m so sorry!” Luna cried, looking at Celestia. “I didn’t mean everything I said!”

Celestia covered her mouth. “No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have fought with you.”

“But... hic- But you...”

Celestia wrapped the little filly in her wings. Luna snuggled closer and cried.

“I didn’t mean it either, Luna...” She said, crying. “I wouldn’t want to fight my little sister... I love you!”

Luna looked up. “I love you too, Tia...”

They put their hooves around each other, and hugged for dear life. They smiled- Last night, they were very cold- But now, they are feeling much better, in the warmth of their loving sister. They started nuzzling their noses together, and snuggled deeply with each other. Luna even kissed her.

“Awwww...” Celestia squeaked.

Luna giggled as she looked at her face. “I’m sorry. I-“ She got interuppted by a smooch from her sister. “*giggles* Awww, big sister...”

Celestia smiled. “You are still my cheeky little sister.”

They both giggled, and started nuzzling their muzzles, their lips drawing closer to each other. The white and blue ones brushed along left and right, before they drew impact. Naturally, Celestia and Luna started cuddling, their hearts melting into one.

They let go after a minute, and sat up on the bed.

“So... You forgive me?” Luna asked with puppy eyes.

“Mhmm! Of course,” Celestia replied in cheer. “Say, I have an idea.”

“Yes?”

“How about we just don’t care about being on the other’s side anymore?” Celestia suggested. “Besides, if we are in deep sleep, we might break the rule anyway without noticing.”

Luna clopped her hooves together. “Great idea, sister! Ooh! And maybe I can be on your side a few times?”

“Yeah!” Celestia agreed. “So I can sleep on your side and you can sleep on mine sometimes. Just make sure to tell me.”

They both nodded in agreement, and shook each other’s little hoof.

“Hey, Tia?”

“Hm, Lulu?”

“Can we... Can we try the thing again?” Luna asked, seemingly leaning on her sister.

“What thing?”

“You know... When I rolled over you and you did the same and we were yelling?”

“Ohhh!” Celestia smiled and nodded. “Well, why didn’t you ask? I have a cool idea.”

“Oooo! Tell me tell me tell me!” Luna snuggled against Celestia’s body.

Celestia let go and whispered her idea. Luna giggled. “Oooooh! Hey, how about adding this before it?”

Luna whispered something, and Celestia nodded. “Sure! Let’s do it!”

They both let each other loose and stood up on their side of the bed. They inched closer until their heads nearly touched.

“We always hug every night, right?” Celestia asked. “I think I’m better at it.”

“Haha, what?” Luna played along. “I’m better...”

They faked a cold smile as they turned. They moved closer and their horns clashed.

“I’m better at cuddling!” Celestia yelled, pushing against Luna.

“I’m better at snuggling!” Luna retorted, pushing back.

Taking turns, the two did it back and forth a few times, playing along in this silly quarrel.

“I’m better than you!”

“Of course I’m better!”

“No, I’m better, Luna!”

“No, I’m better, Tia!”

The Solar and Lunar princesses smiled coldly. They grunted a little, pushing heads with equal force against their sister.

“Seems like we couldn’t agree on who’s better at cuddling in sleep,” Celestia concluded.

Luna rolled her eyes. “True... We need to find out.”

They both nodded. They blushed, and giggled the same answer. “A cuddle fight!”

Their plan was simple: They will count down, and they will run to the middle, which is where the sun and moon joined together on the blanket. What happens is that the two will crash into each other, and start their little playful snuggle battle. They can snuggle each other however they wish, but definitely no actual fighting allowed.  They agree that whoever ends up falling asleep first from their opponent’s cuddling for ten seconds, will lose.

“This should be fun,” Celestia giggled, still pushing. “A little friendly battle between sun and moon.”

Luna agreed. “Mhmm, I would like us big and little sisters to play along together.”

They stopped pushing. Confirming to fight, they spit onto their tiny hooves, and placed them against each other’s. They inched close as they shook hooves.

“Good luck to you, Lulu,” Celestia said, giving her a kiss. “Because you’re going down.”

Luna chuckled and returned the kiss. “Good luck to you too, Tia. But it’s you that’s gonna lose.”

They rolled their eyes.

“So it’s gonna be like that, huh?” Celestia said. “You’ll see, I’ll beat you...”

Luna stick out her tongue. “No, I’ll win, Tia...”

Playing along, they both disagreed and shook their head. They faked a chuckle, but grinded their teeth as they pressed close to each other with a bit of anger. The two pushed, getting increasingly stronger, until it became equal. They let out a few little grunts and looked at each other in the eye.

They slowly backed up to the edge, with Luna on the edge of Celestia’s side, and Celestia on the edge of Luna’s side. They starred at each other, waiting for one of them to start counting.

Celestia winked, and Luna winked back, smiling.

“Three...” Celestia said.

The two got themselves ready for action.

“Two...” Luna followed.

They kneeled down, with their flanks wiggling and blue and pink tails swishing over them. The two winked for the last signal.

“One...”

Celestia and Luna both ran across the bed to the middle. As they got close, they jumped and crashed into each other, but catching each other in a hug.

“Fight!” They both said as they landed.

The two pulled each other down. They started nuzzling each other and cuddled forcefully. They continued in this little fight, sometimes trying to escape, but neither of them would let go. As they snuggled against each other’s whole body, they were both giggling and having a lot of fun wiggling around with their loving sister.

A second later, Luna was wrapped in a adorable embrace from her sister’s wings. The comfort she received was amazing- almost putting her to sleep. But 6 seconds later, her eyes shot open.

“Ha! Got you!” Luna chuckled.

“Oh come on!” Celestia whined, Laughing. “That’s it! Come here!”

She forced them onto the bed, and both started rolling, but not as fast as the fight the had. As they rolled around in circles, both nuzzling and kissing, they started to playfully argue over who’s better.

“You’re pretty good...” Celestia teased. “Not good as me, though!”

“What? You’re way worse than me, come on!” Luna teased back.

Their heads touched, and started nuzzling forcefully, pushing a bit. That doesn’t count as fighting, though.

“You’re going to be out-snuggled by me, Luna!” Celestia said.

Luna giggled. “You shall be defeated by my hugs instead, Tia!”

“No, you will, Luna!”

“No, you will!”

“Awwww, come here!” They both giggled.

They hugged tight, rolling back and forth over each other. They continued to fight over cuddling past midnight. They were tired, but the fact they were having so much fun makes them refuse to sleep so quickly.

After battling for 30 minutes, they hugged and fell onto their bed again.

“Ahhhh~ This makes me feel so happy...” Luna giggled as she snuggled under her sister’s head.

Celestia smiled as she brushed Luna’ s mane. “Same. Ha, remember last night, we were fighting over each other sleeping on their side?”

They both died of laughter.

“I know, so funny,” Luna replied. “Hey, Cele?”

“Mhmm, Lulu?”

They huddled up close, a hoof touching the other’s.

“I love you so much, my sunshine and my sweet big sister.”

“Aw, I love you too, my precious little moonbeam.”

They leaned in for another kiss- A really long one. They were about to sleep, when their eyes shot open again.

“Nice try, Lulu,” Celestia giggled coldly.

“Wh-Hey! Ughhh! Tia!!” Luna yelled.

The two fillies continued to laugh and cuddle and roll around for a few minutes before they stopped completely.

“Phew, okay, Luna. Let’s stop now. For real this time.”

“Awwww but I’m not done yet!”

Celestia brushed Luna’s little mane. “We’re both tired. Let’s sleep now.”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Luna nodded, noticing sweat rolling down both of their cheeks. “We can leave this for later.”

“Agreed. We may not be able to settle the winner now, but we will.”

The two stood up again, to end the little duel.

“We’ll do this every time we make up after a fight or a cuddle duel, okay, Luna?” Celestia said. “Follow my words, but change my name to yourself unless you refer to me.”

Luna nodded as Celestia whispered the words. They cleared their throats and put a hoof to their heart, looking at each other.

“Now, I, filly Princess Celestia,”

“And I, filly Princess Luna,”

They placed their hooves together for a hoofshake. “Call this round of cuddle battle a draw.”

“And Luna, I promise you,” Celestia bowed.

“And Celestia, I promise you,” Luna bowed as well.

“We will fight less, and love each other, so sun and moon can live together happily.”

The sisters smiled as they ended their promises.

“Now, princess Luna,” Celestia asked, offering a hoof. “Come with me.”

Luna took it gladly, and the two walked back side-by-side to sit on their respective pillows. She carried on Celestia’s words.

“So, princess Celestia,” Luna continued. “Now that we’ve made up, let’s hug in sleep for the night, to express our regrets for our fight, and express our deep love for our sister.”

Celestia moved closer, and Luna did the same. “A wonderful idea you’ve made. I accept your apology. Will you?”

“Mhmm,” Luna replied as she wrapped her hooves around her sister. “Bring it in, sis.”

The two lovingly cuddled each other, and lightly kissed as they drifted back to sleep.

*******

Luna was laughing when she got to the end. “Hahaha, the things me and Tia do as sisters back then.”

There was silence.

“Nathan?” She asked.

She apparently sat up, and Nathan already draped himself across her hooves. Luna tittered and nudged him awake.

“Sorry,” He said, sitting back up. “I was listening, just... Really sleepy. You were talking about the cuddle fight, right?”

Luna can’t stop the laughing and blushed. “Yeah. I loved it. We would do it every so often when we were young.”

“I apologize, but... I didn’t quite hear you going through the process of your battle,” Nathan said, blushing. “So... I take it that you both just cuddle a lot?”

“Yep!” Luna said cheerfully. “Me and Tia, two little playful sisters just bonding together in the cutest way possible while still having friendly battles with each other. The two of us can get competitive and we sometimes hate when the other is better at something.”

“Even snuggling?”

She nodded with a grin. “Yeah! Usually it’ll last 10 minutes since we get tired. But sometimes, we can get really affectionate and refuse to let each other win or call a draw. Just a round of pure blissful huddling and playing and even messing with each other. We can hug, snuggle, be the big and small spoon, any kind of cuddling that makes each other happy. Of course, we can’t fight, but we often argue over who can cuddle better in the process. I bet if you saw the two of us do it, you would die of cuteness.”

“I can tell,” Nathan said, yawning. “Well, I really need to rest my eyes now. I know this is a dream, but...”

“Okay then,” Luna gave him a kiss and snuggled him from behind. “But, one little touch.”

The human’s eyes shot open. “Oh, no... Luna... Don’t, even. No.”

“Yes.”

“You’re joking.”

“I’m not.”

She changed the surroundings into the exact same bedroom she slept with Celestia with when she was a filly. The human facepalmed himself, but giggled. When he turned, he found Luna as a filly.

“*gasp* Awww!! Luna, you’re so adorable!!” He started cuddling her, making sure to not suffocate her.

“Haha, Nate,” She replied, with her filly voice. “It’s not just me.”

Nathan gasped again, and looked to her right. It was Celestia as a filly. He squeaked in the highest pitched voice ever, and snuggled both of them.

“Actually, Nathan...” Celestia said.

He let go, looking at both of them. “Yes?”

“This was planned. Have you seriously not found out yet?”

“What?”

The two royal siblings winked at each other. The background changed to a dark room under Luna’s command. Nathan felt scared, but tried to stay calm.

“Wh-Where am I?” He asked. “Luna? Celestia? Anypony?”

He felt something being put on his head. “Uhhh... Hello?”

Suddenly, all the lights turned on. What Nathan saw was totally unexpected.

“Surprise!”

Everypony shouted in joy at the same time. Nathan looked around in surprise- He was teleported into Twilight’s castle, right in the lounge. There were treats and cakes and Everypony was there- His YouTube friends, the princesses (Back to regular form) and of course, his best friend and special somepony, Twilight Sparkle.

He realized- It’s his birthday tomorrow! And they set an early party in his dreams to get ready for the real one!

“*gasp* Oh my gosh!!” Nathan gasped, covering his mouth in surprise.

Twilight giggled and hugged him. “Awww, happy birthday, Nate.”

“Th-Thanks, Everypony!” He said, kissing his sweetheart afterwards. “So this is going to happen tomorrow?”

“Yup!” Celestia said. “Because this is actually my dream, silly!”

Nathan’s jaw dropped open. “Wait, wha?? Waitwaitwait, I’ve been in your dream the whole time?”

Everypony laughed.

“Let me explain,” Luna said, calming Everypony down. “When Twilight And Pinkie asked me to create a totally amazing way to surprise you for your birthday, I had the idea that I would go to the dream realm and link your dream with Celestia’s, so you both will share the same dream when you sleep. Oh, and I may or may not have linked your Dream with all the ones right here.”

“And since my dreams will come true, that means this will actually happen!” Celestia added.

Nathan was amazed- This must’ve taken so long to plan. He just had a big smile and clapped his hands.

“Wow, you guys...” He chuckled. “You all have outdone yourselves this time.”

“Come on, Nathan!” Pinkie giggled as she put a hoof around him. “You’re one of our first human friends! Besides Frisk and Asriel, of course, but you’ve been such a wonderful friend that we simply can’t forget to throw you this party!”

“I know!” Twilight followed. “No offense, Frisk!”

She shrugged at the back. “It’s fine, Twi. We both like this idea as well.”

Nathan was about to tear up. He never knew they planned this. He just wanted to visit Luna, but he didn’t expect this to happen.

“Feel glad that you gave me more time to plan this?” Luna asked, nudging him playfully. “If you had slept with me the other week, I would’ve been busted!”

Nathan finally understood.

“Ahhh! So it really is a set up all along!” He concluded. “Thank you all so much! Now, come here, Everypony!”

He was enveloped in the biggest group hug ever. Even though the surprise is already revealed to him through the dream, he couldn’t wait for his actual party to begin the next day.