//------------------------------//
// Prologue 
// Story: Who is Storm Feathers? 
// by YellowPegasus347 
//------------------------------//

Sunset Shimmer felt awful and had a killer headache. As she tries getting on her hooves she realized she wasn’t home. She started to panic and said, “This isn’t Canterlot. Where am I? Princess Celestia?” She paused and looked around to find seven unknown creatures around her with horrified looks on their faces. She then looked at her hooves which were now hands. “What happened to me? Storm Feather! Help me! Please...somepony, anypony help me,” Sunset begged. She looked up to find one of the creatures smiling at her with a gentle expression as soon as she felt something on shoulder. Sunset asked the creature, “What..who are you?”

The creature responded, “We’re your friends.” As soon as she said this however, her expression turned hard as she glared at the green colored creature behind her. Sunset didn’t know what was going on, but she felt like she could trust them. Something happened as all the creatures, except for the green one, put their hands on her shoulder. There was a warm bright light as all seven of them transformed. Then, they launched a powerful beam toward the memory stone. The stone broke into pieces. In a flash, Sunset remembered everything.

“Twilight...Sparkle?” Sunset called with a smile. Twilight turned to face her and said her name. They both hugged each other as her other friends joined in. Once the hug was over, Sunset looked over to Wallflower Blush. Sunset knew what she had to do. She went up to Wallflower and helped her up. After giving her a little pep talk, she befriended her.

It has been a couple of days since the memory stone has been destroyed. The year books were finished and was given out to everyone. The Main 7 and Sunset's new friends, Trixie and Wallflower Blush, were all sitting at their lunch table. Everyone was talking and laughing except for Sunset Shimmer. She wasn't sad, but she was thinking of something. More specifically, some griffon, that she has been thinking about ever since she got her memories back. "Storm Feather," Sunset mumbled under her breath with a smile.