> Reborn-Transformers Prime Crossover
>  by Moonknight Shimmer
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Chapter 1 Welcome to Equestria
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Starscream's POV
I awoken feeling like I had just had another one of Megatron's "disciplines" again. The first thing I took note of was the fact that I was in a different place than where I had laid down to recharge before, instead of a cave, I was on a mossy forest floor. It was dark out but I could tell sunrise would be soon due to the colors of the sky. The next thing I took note was the fact I felt, funny. 

As I looked down I let a shriek of terror, my once beautiful silver seeker frame had been replaced with organic materials, I took a sigh of some what relief when I realized I wasn't a pathetic human, put some type of four legged creature, I had no fingers to speak of but for hooves, my now new coat was my silver grey I once had, I bent my head back to see I had a tail that almost touched the ground. It had a clean cut and was black with a single red strip through it. I saw a small puddle near by and awkwardly walked over to it to see that I also had what humans call hair on my head as well, it was swept back smoothly with the same black and red of which ended tapering at the mid back of my longer neck. But what seemed to me a surprise was my eyes, they had changed color, from a deep ruby red to a light blue similar to the Autobots, ugh.   

As I kept studying myself I also took of two extra appendages that were on my back, wings. Oh thank Primus I have WINGS! I can still FLY! I spread them to see they were long and elegant but at the tips it went from my silver grey coat color to a black with specks of white that seemed to shine like stars. Huh, how strange. 

As I finally stopped looking at myself I took note that a path laid before me in this strange forest, without a second thought I slowly started making my way through the forest, at first it was hard walking on all fours I quickly got the hang of it, with a little pride and began to walk faster before I tripped over a large stick that laid on the ground. Well, glade no one saw that. As I got back up I noticed the stick twitch, I studied it closer before I smelled an awful smell before suddenly the stick levitated into the forest were large, larger than me, yellow eyes were. A low growl escaped the creature as it came out of the forest as a large, what looked like a wolf from Earth but made of wood came stomping out before howling and charging right at me. 

One thought crossed my mind............ I AM GOING TO DIE!!!!!!

Snow's POV
As I walked just outside the Castle of the Two Pony Sisters for my early morning trot, I looked up to see on one of the balconies the two royal sisters raising and setting the sun and moon. I smiled as I thought back to how I, Snow Blossom, unicorn of a small lower caste family was working under the wing of Princess Celestia herself along with Princess Luna. I sighed, I saw my reflection a puddle as I walked by nearing the Everfree Forest, I could see my snow white mane, my dark blue coat and my orange eyes. I could also see my cutiemark as clear as day, a snowflake with swirls of white and orange magic coming from the bottom almost making it look like a flower all put together. 

As I continued my daily trot I heard a terrifying roar of a timberwolf and as soon as it roared I heard somepony cry out in terror, looking down the path I saw a grey Pegasus stallion running, and failing, to get away from a timberwolf! Quickly I charged up my orange magic as I charged forward and sling a few beams of magic at the timberwolf, as it hit a large piece broke off the wolf and hit the poor stallion in the head knocking him out cold. Quickly I grabbed the stallion with my magic and ran towards the castle, as soon as I passed the tree line a magical barrier came up keeping the wolf away as it slunk back towards the deeper parts of the woods. 

At this point, as I was breathing heavy from the running and the magic of holding this mystery pony I quickly gathered my strength and lifting him with my magic quickly carried him to the castle to be healed. But as I carried him I gave a quick scan and to my surprise saw this adult pony had no cutiemark! 

"Just who in all of Equestria are you?" I asked myself as I entered the castle.
> Chapter 2 Who are You?
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Starscream's POV
The last thing I recalled was being chased by a wolf made of wood, than a blue an white pony, than inky blackness. As my senses came to me once again I could feel a dull thumping of pain on the back of my head. I could barely make out muffled voices talking, as my sense came back so did my hearing as now I could make out a couple of voices, all of them sounded like femme's voices. As my eyes opened I was blinded by the light of the sun in the room. But soon they adjusted to see something I never thought that I could unseen. 

In the middle of a round room was three other beings, their was the being I recognized from when the wolf was chasing me, I could now see clearly her white hair that in a neat bun, her dark blue coat and her fiery orange eyes but what was strange was a horn coming off her forehead. The two others in the room though seemed more shocking though.

The First was a slightly taller one with a white coat, flowing green, pink and blue hair with what seemed like finer on her neck and on the ends of her 'feet'. She had pink eyes but what was surprising was the fact that she had a long horn and wings, the other was the shorter one, she had not as dark blue as the smallest one but dark blue coat with a transparent and blue sparkly hair with teal eyes as well as a horn and wings and finer around her neck and 'feet' as well. But what caught my attention the most was the crowns place upon their heads. I than noticed the symbols on their upper back legs, the smallest had a snowflake that also looked like a flower, the tallest had a sun while the slightly shorter once had a moon surround by black splotches. Odd.

"I just found him like this Princess Celestia, I don't know what could have caused it." The smallest one said as she addressed the tallest, who now was known as Celestia.

"Hmm, very well Snow Blossom, but it is quite strange, what say you Luna?" Princess Celestia asked the slightly smaller one.

"We do not have an idea, tis most wise tho keepest an eye upon him?" Luna asked. Snow Blossom nodded in agreement along with Princess Celestia. 

"What am I, a pile of scrap?" I asked as the turned with a slight jump towards where I was currently laying. 

"Oh we are sorry my little pony, we didn't realize you were awake!" Princess Celestia said.

"Well I am now." I said with a scowl on my face, the three looked slightly perplexed. 

"Well, lets start with the basics, I am Snow Blossom, what's your name?" She asked with a cheery smile. I thought for a second, their names seem to be less, oh what is the word? Friendly? Nice? Ah I don't know but my old name would probable put red flags up for them so I gave it a second before a name popped into my head.

"Uh its Stargaze, Stargaze Dusk." She smiled as Princess Luna came from behind her.

"Tell us Stargaze Dusk, why where thee in the Everfree Forest alone?" She asked, I thought about it for a moment before deciding to play the card 'amnesia". 

"I actually don't remember, I just know my name. I don't remember anything other than being able to talk and my name." Princess Celestia and Blossom gave me sympathetic gaze but Luna gave him a suspicious glare but seemed to accept it for now, hopefully.  

"Oh you poor stallion, well since you don't know where you came from you may stay with us for now." Celestia said. I nodded my head in acceptance.

"As I don't remember anything, I'll need some one to teach me the basics." Blossom perked up about this.

"Oh! Like what?" She asked excitedly.

"Well, everything." Her smile grew even more. "I don't even know what our species is called or what I am or even how to run without tripping over myself as you saw earlier." 

"Well than you'll need a teacher, Snow Blossom-" Celestia was cut off by Snow.

"Yes! Of course I'll teach him! Eeee! I was the student once now I am the teacher." But than her face fell a little. "But who will teach him to fly?" 

"We will." Luna jumped in to the surprise of Snow and Celestia.    

"Are you sure my sister?" Celestia asked. Luna simply nodded her head in conformation. Suddenly a growl came from my torso. 

"Oh! Sounds like your hungry Stargaze, just sit here, you still need to rest after taking that hit to the head, I'll grab some food for you!" Snow Blossom said with a smile before she ran out of the room. Celestia chuckled at the young ponies response as she and Luna left the room. But before they left Luna turned and shot a mistrusting glare my direction, I gulped as she than left.

Well, Luna doesn't trust me, that's nothing new. But at least I fooled the others, but Luna could cause trouble, ahh I'll just have to gain her trust the long way it seems.
