//------------------------------//
// A Hearts and Hooves Story 
// Story: RiMverse S2: Blooming Strong - A Hearts and Hooves Story 
// by aceotaku 
//------------------------------//

It was Hearts and Hooves day in Ponyville, with many ponies in the town searching for gifts or planning special dates for their special someponies and special someponies-to-be.

During this special day, Applejack pouted as she worked in her store, knowing of at least a couple ponies who would leave things at the last minute before visiting her shop for a lovely outfit or even a new manestyle.

Nopony dared bring up how she was one of the few working on Hearts and Hooves day. They heard the stories about her and knew it was best not to anger her.

As she leaned against a wall near her shop/home’s entrance, her younger sister/apprentice, Apple Bloom, was manning a counter nearby. Applejack gave her sibling a warm smile before speaking.

“Apple Bloom dear, I’m sure it’s time for you to have a break.” The fashionista chuckled. “You have been helping me out so wonderfully, but I think you need to get out there and have some fun. Maybe if you’re lucky you might find some lucky colt...”

“B-but Ah wanna help!” Apple Bloom argued. “Ah wanna help an’ learn about your work an’...”

“Yes, yes darling but please understand that...you see...” Applejack grimaced a little, trying to think of the right words. Well...you never got a chance to leave the farm and enjoy the holidays correct?”

“Ah left the farm when Ah was helpin’ Mac an’ Ma an’ Pa!” Apple Bloom replied.

“yes, but you never spoke to anypony, made any friends or did much other than ‘help out’ with getting everything to market and selling wares, right?” At the filly’s nod Applejack smiled, moving behind her to tenderly lead her from the counter towards the door. “Then there’s still so much you must learn, especially on this day! To truly understand the niceties of FASHION, you must first get to know your potential customer base, to make clothes that reflect the wearer, rather than an arbitrary price tag! And on this day, ponies will care about their appearance a good deal! It will be a valuable learning experience! Ah’m sure Strongheart and Ah can handle things just fine while you’re gone.”

Apple Bloom looked between her and the door, biting her lip in thought. “Ya sure?”

“Oh Ah’m positive, darling, run along now, there’s something I must discuss with my other helper in the meantime.”

Apple Bloom tilted her head, puzzled, but nodded obediently, trotting out the door. As the filly left, Applejack sighed and walked to one of the backrooms, where Li’l Strongheart, daughter of a buffalo tribe’s chief and Apple Bloom’s first true friend, was taking inventory.

Applejack’s smile shrank into a frown, raising a delicate hoof to her mouth as she cleared her throat, earning the buffalo’s attention. “Strongheart, we need to talk.”

Strongheart blinked, trotting closer to the older mare. “We do?”

“Look, Ah know Applebloom cares about you and trusts you and you are not a bad sort and a very good, diligent worker, yet...” Applejack sighed. “Well, it being what today is, I am painfully reminded of...well something I just cannot ignore. Your...crush on my younger sister.”

Strongheart’s eyes widened in panic, a heavy blush on her cheeks. “W-what!? How did...I-I mean, I don’t know what you’re talking about...”

The fashionista rolled her eyes. “Look, Ah have seen a good deal crushes, attractions and such in my line of work, so don’t be coy with me. Ah’ve heard some things you’d say under your breath when you think noone’s listening, how you look at her sometimes, how you follow her around like a puppy, like how you’re even working here because SHE wanted to....look, you’re a bit TOO old for her, and I can’t say I approve of you being attracted to...well...she’s just...maybe too young?”

Strongheart looked aside embarrassed, but looked confused. “I...I was...I was not aware a year was such a difference to you ponies...”

Applejack blinked. “A year?”

“Yes, I am a year older than Apple Bloom, it is true, but I had no idea it was such a strong factor in...”

“You’re only a YEAR older than her!?” Applejack blurted. “But you’re as tall as Ah am, well maybe an inch or two shorter, but still!!”

Strongheart stared at her, dumbfounded. “Have you not seen a female buffalo before, Miss Applejack? We tend to get quite large as we get older.”

Applejack gazed up at the cieling. “Strongheart darling, could you please leave the premises, just for a moment.”

“Why do you request me so, Miss Applejack.”

Applejack paled, grimacing. “Ah just need to make sure the Royal Guard are not going to arrest me for breaking some sort of child labour law...Ah was already borderline crossing the line letting Apple Bloom help, but she was so insistent and it had been so long since she looked at me with such hope and adoration...but now Ah learn Ah have been making ANOTHER minor work under me and...please just give me some time to myself, please...”

Strongheart blinked and nodded, walking out towards the entrance. The moment she left, Applejack fainted and collapsed.


-------------------------------


Apple Bloom trotted into the town, wondering what to do. Aside from her family and Strongheart, she didn’t really KNOW anyone in the town, not really, let alone foals her age or close enough. She thought hard, trying to think of something to do or somewhere to go.

Unbeknownst to the pony, a group of foals watched. However, had she known who they were, and that were watching, she would’ve tried to get out of their sight as quickly as possible.

Babs Seed glared at the yellow filly some distance from them while, sitting on a lounging chair while her coltfriend held up a drink for her, Silver Spoon frowned thoughtfully from behind.

“What’s your deal, Babs?” Silver Spoon asked, after taking a sip from her drink. “You look angrier than usual, which is quite a feat.”

“That filly there.” Babs spat, gritting her teeth. “She’s the little sister of the mare that put my Uncle in prison.”

Silver Spoon adjusted her glasses with her hoof, following Babs’ gaze to the filly in question. “Hmm I don’t think I’ve seen her around before...meaning she doesn’t go to our school, at least and may not be familiar with us.” She smirked as an idea formed in her head. “And who is her sister, exactly?”

“That Applejack chick, the one with the dumb dress store.”

Silver Spoon put her hooves together as she leaned back, sneering cruelly. “Oh my, we best get her on our side then...”

“YOU WHAT.” Babs turned to her friend quickly, eyes wide with boiling rage.

“Babs, sweetie, chill, I got better things in mind than petty revenge by proxy.” She shrugged. “At least, not yet. Oh no no no, this is a commodity we best make use of as quick as we can.” She clapped her hooves together, leaning back into her seat. “Snipsy, carry me! We have a youth to corrupt for our purposes!”

The colt nodded and, using his magic, lifted the chair a few inches off the ground, moving it as he walked alongside Babs towards the young, impressionable Apple.

The red-haired filly blinked up at the trio as they approached. “Uh, howdy?”

Silver Spoon smirked. “Hey there, you seem a little...lost here, mind if we help you out?”

“Sure Ah don’ mind!” Apple Bloom smiled widely. “Ah’m Apple Bloom!”

The spectacle wearing filly gestured her hoof to her chest and gave a little bow of her head. “Silver Spoon, and this filly here is my associate Babs Seed and this cutie carrying me is my coltfriend Snips.” Snips waved as he was mentioned, while Babs continued her baleful gaze as Silver chuckled. “Don’t mind Babs, she’s just shy.”

Apple Bloom smiled. “Well it’s great meetin’ ya! It’s mighty nice seein’ some friendly faces around here! Ya’ll know anythin’ fun we can do or see around here? Ah...kinda jus’ realised Ah don’ know a lot about town even though Ah live here...” She frowned softly, looking down.

“OH that’s quite fine.” Silver smirked cheerfully. “Just stick with us, Apple Bloom, and you won’t be steered wrong.”


---------------------------


Strongheart walked through the simple, makeshift streets of Ponyville, frowning in thought. From what she could gather, today was a special day for ponies to celebrate the affection they hold for significant others and to build their relationships, and it gave her the idea that today could be a good day to finally express her...feelings.

However, she didn’t know what to do, or what if anything she’s supposed to give to the cute filly, or even much of the buildings and people around town that could help. She had been living in Ponyville for a while, but she never strayed too far from Apple Bloom and by extension the Boutique. She just...wasn’t comfortable around other ponies alone and outside someplace familiar.

Honestly, she was really bad at the whole ‘ambassador of her people’ role she was supposed to perform in coming here.

As she passed Ponyville’s Town Hall, a filly bumped into her with a yelp. Strongheart, being a stronger and taller built buffalo, was bothered little by the impact and turned her head to see a familiar pink filly had bumped into her side, said filly wearing a little cape over her back and a tiara on her head.

Diamond Tiara shook her head to clear it as she looked up at the buffalo. “Watch where you’re...wait! I know you!” The filly huffed angrily. “You’re that pony at the clothes shop who said cutie marks were dumb!”

“Buffalo.” Strongheart corrected, defaulting to her stoic, professional tone she took up with unfamiliar ponies. “And I did not say they were dumb, I merely questioned their purpose among ponies in comparison to my own people.”

“That’s saying they’re dumb!” Diamond argued, refusing to concede, before shaking her head. “Okay, wait, no, I don’t wanna get caught up in a dumb arguement. Anyway, I’m surprised to see you out of that clothes store; I haven’t seen you around town before.”

“That’s because I...” Strongheart looked away sheepishly. “I never really leave the Boutique but well...I...I heard today is a day for..well, ‘romance’ and...well...surely you must know what to do for some...pony on this day.”

Diamond Tiara blinked as the words started to sink in. “You...you’re...dating somepony?”

Strongheart blushed, turning her gaze away. “N-not...not yet...not in so many words....”

“Ohhhhh, so you’re trying to woo somepony!” Diamond’s eyes sparkled. “Who is it!?”

“I-it doesn’t matter for you to know...” Strongheart replied, blushing deeply. “i_I just...I’m not sure how I can tell her about my feelings...”

“’Her’ is it?” Diamond noted. “That’s pretty unusual...I only know like one pony in this town who married another mare. Maybe we could ask her for pointers?”

Strongheart frowned in thought. It was haard enough telling this filly as much as she had, but to tell someone else? No, that was way too much, even she did need help. “N-no...I-I’m sure we can figure something out ourselves.”

“Hmm well typically on this day ponies give their special someponies flowers or chocolates with like letters or cards.”

Strongheart nodded. “Yes...a simple gift with a note explaining my feelings might work...do you know where I may purchase some chocolates? I have some money...”

Diamond nodded, beaming proudly. “Oh you bet! Just follow me! I’ll be your personal matchmaker!”

Strongheart nodded. “You seem quite...interested in my...plight.”

Diamond blushed and looked away. “I...I like romance stories...and helping get a young couple together sounds...fun.” She smiled bashfully.

Strongheart nodded, smiling. “Thank you, miss, for helping me.”

“Call me Diamond Tiara.”

“Then you may call me Little Strongheart.”


------------------------------


Snips, Silver Spoon and Babs stood outside the local candy store (which was in fact a separate building from Sugar Cube Corner, as that sold baked goods specifically, though the respective store owners were good friends) as they Snips waved a large paper fan towards his girlfriend as she relaxed with a contented smile. After a few minutes, Apple Bloom trotted out of the building, holding a bag filled with candy.

“Are ya’ll sure this is fine, Ah didn’t even pay fer it anythin’...” Apple Bloom said nervously around the bag she held with her teeth. “Ah don’ wanna steal nothin’...”

Silver snatched the bag out of Apple Bloom’s mouth, smirking as she tossed a large chocolate bar at Snips who caught it with his magic. “Oh don’t worry about Bloomie, you don’t mind if I call you Bloomi, right? Bloomie, my dad is the richest pony in Ponyville, what reason would I have to steal anything? I told you, I simply paid for these in advance and had the store owner hold onto them for me in advance.”

“But ya said not to talk ta him...”

“That I did. Look he’s already swamped with so many orders for chocolates and stuff for Hearts and Hooves Day. Why bother him with something that was already done in advance?” The bespectacled filly laid a hoof over Apple Bloom’s shoulder, smiling warmly. “Don’t you trust me, Bloomie?”

Apple Bloom looked down, feeling guilty for potentially accusing her new friend of unsavoury things without any proof. “Ah do, Silver...yer real nice, goin’ out of yer way to help me around town...most ponies would probably make fun of me fer needin’ to be lead around mah own hometown like this...”

“Oh forget about it, Bloomie! We’re friends now, and I would do anything for a friend, don’t you agree?”

“uh-huh! Ah sure do!”

“well, Bloomie, could you do a teensie little favour you could do for me?”

“Well, sure!”

Silver Spoon tried to maintain her friendly demeanour without breaking into a full on sneer. “Well, I hear your older sister is a seamstress and might have a few...spare items lying around...”


--------------------------


Diamond Tiara stepped out of Ponyville’s famous ‘Quills and Beds’ store, smiling at Strongheart as she gave her a small card and a pen. The buffalo tilted her head, blinking.

“The first thing you gotta do, before flowers and candy, is writing a heartmelting, sappy lovenote!” Diamond Tiara said helpfully. “It’s in like ALL the classics!”

Strongheart nodded, taking the card and pen, licking her lips nervously. “It..its still quite...difficult...the thought of giving her such a thing and telling her my...feelings...its overwhelming...”

“is it really so scary...?”

“it’s terrifying...” Strongheart bit her lip, looking down. “I...we didn’t even knew each other at all when we first met, but we formed a quick bond...I came to this town all because of how grateful i was towards her and her sister..and over time my feelings just...grew. But...I can’t help thinking...what if she doesn’t feel the same way? What if...what if she doesn’t want to be my friend anymore once I tell her? What if...what if it’s...wrong, for me to feel this way about someone of the same gender, someone’s who’s so different from me...?”

Diamond mentally told herself to keep her intense curiosity under control, though one question slipped out. “Why do you like this pony so much?”

Strongheart smiled as she looked back on her memories of Apple Bloom, clutching the card and pen to her chest. “She...she’s so very beautiful, and kindhearted...loyal, to a fault...her voice is the most melodious thing I have ever heard...everything about her is so captivating, from the sparkle in her eyes, to how she whips her tail around when she’s excited or angry...but most of all I love her because...she’s the first pony to make me feelI could trust her...she’s the first one to ever make me feel...safe.” She blushed and chuckled. “I’m sorry my explanation is a better scattered...”

“No, it’s great!” Diamond grinned excitedly. “let’s find a nice quit spot to write that all down, just write what you said down for this mystery pony to read and I promise you they’ll like it!”

“You...think so?”

“Of course! Look, you’ll never know for sure until you tell her how you feel, so you better hurry and get it out in the open! Trust me, it’ll work out!”

Strongheart chuckled. “You just want to see us kiss.”

“I DO.” Diamond admitted with a serious expression. “But I also want you to be happy. We may have gotten off on the wrong hoof but...you’re pretty cool, Strongheart.”

“Thanks..”


---------------------


A few minutes later, Strongheart and Diamond had found a bench to sit on, the buffalo frowning as she tried to think of the best way to speak her feelings through such a small card. It didn’t help she had little experience actually writing things down, relying mostly on her memory and Applejack’s guidance to take inventory and exchange money during work. She bit into her pen reflexively before beginning to write, frowning as she second guessed what she had put down. She sighed and was ready to throw the card away in defeat...until she noticed something.

Apple Bloom was surrounded by a couple other fillies and a colt, ones that were unfamiliar to Strongheart, and Applebloom looked troubled. Strongheart turned to Diamond Tiara, who sat beside her, gesturing to the group.

“Miss Diamond, are those ponies familiar to you?”

Diamond looked to where the buffalo was gesturing, frowning as she nodded. “Yeah...those guys are bad news...” The filly bit her lip, her left hoof curling against her right leg.

“It would not do for them to bother Apple Bloom, then. She is a good pony.” Strongheart nodded to herself, keeping hold of her card and pen as she walked towards the group.

Meanwhile, Apple Bloom looked away. “Ah...Ah dunno...Ah don’t think Ah’m allowed ta take those...Ah need ta ask mah big sis fer permission.”

Silver Spoon rolled her eyes, sighing as she began to speak to Applebloom like an adult would to a particularly unobservant child. “Look, what’s the big deal? All I want is for you to get me a dress from that shop, I’m sure you got some spares lying around no one will miss, and some nails and glue. Surely she won’t miss such things?”

“The dresses are tailor made for everypony, ya can’t just grab one at random...” Applebloom argued. “A-an’ why do ya need nails an’ glue fer?”

“Never you mind about that, Bloomie.” The other filliy said, her voice sounding more insistant and commanding. “I thought we were friends, right? And real friends do each favours, right?”

“A-Ah guess so...”

“Then just do what I ask.” Silver said, smiling. “There’s a good girl.”

“leave her alone!”

Silver’s eyes widened in anger as she turned to see a non-pony approach, said non-pony flanked by her nemesis Diamond Tiara.

“I don’t know what’s going on, but you can’t just mess around with ponies, Silver!” Diamond said.

Silver chuckled, wrapping a leg over Apple Bloom’s shoulder. “Now Diamond, you can’t just say such things, you’re biased after all. Bloomie here is a new friend of ours and we’re just trying to get her to do a favour for us.”

Strongheart stepped forward. “If you’re her friend, you wouldn’t be pressuring her. You’re not letting her have any space, you’re making her uncomfortable.” Strongheart pressed her muzzle inches from Silver Spoon’s. “Get away from her.”

“Um, excuse you!? Who the hay even ARE you?” Silver looked the buffalo over, pulling her hoof away from Appel Bloom as she forgot about the filly’s prescence. “What even are you!?”

“I’m Little Strongheart, I’m a buffalo.” Strongheart said, yelping suddenly as her card was yanked out of her hoof telekinetically. “H-hey!”

“Look Silver, she was writing a little Hearts and Hooves Day card for somepony!” Snips jeered as he passed the card to Silver.

“Hey, guys,stop, Strongheart’s a friend of mine and that’s private...” Apple Bloom said, only for the bullies to ignore her.

Silver opened the card, eyes widening as she read its contents...and started laughing cruelly. “Oh! Oh are you FOR REAL!?” She passed it to Babs Seed who started to read it, Snips peering over her shoulder, while Silver sneered coldly at Strongheart. “Well, well, so not only are you some kind of..gross non-pony freak, but you’re some kind of...some sort of...FILLY FOOLER, yeah that’s what you should be called! You’re a disgusting freak witch a crush on a filly, a girl who’s younger than you besides! Don’t you feel ashamed!? How dare such a gross, disgusting WEIRDO come over to me, lecture me on how I treat my friends, when really you’re just interested in...KISSING HER!? How can you go around town when you think it’s okay for you to just...share stuff like this with somepony!?”

Strongheart flinched back, stung by the filly’s words, echoing her own fears about her feelings. She had no idea how her own father, let alone her own people, would react to her feeling this way about another female, and a non-buffalo to boot, but if even the ponies think this was abhorrent.

“AH SAID STOP IT!” Apple Bloom shouted, jumping in between Silver and Strongheart. “Strongheart’s mah friend, and she’s a wonderful, kindhearted buffalo and ya don’t even know her!”

Silver inched back, trying to maintain her composure as she chuckled good-naturedly. “Bloomie, listen, if you want to get anywhere in life, you need to know the right ponies. This,” she gestured disdainfully towards Strongheart, “is a nopony, in fact literally! Look, I know what’s best and hanging with that...that freak is not going to let you get anyway out of that dusty farm or that tiny shop...!”

“Ah don’ care!” Apple Bloom argued. “If hangin’ with you means Ah don’t get to hang out with Strongheart, ya got another thing comin’! She’s smart, nice, tough an’ beautiful AN’ AH AIN’T GONNA STAND FER YA BADMOUTHIN’ HER CAUSE SHE’S DIFF’RENT!” The filly roared and pulled her right leg back, clenching her eyes shut. “AH’MSORRYSIS!”

“Wha...” Silver began, before crying out as Apple Bloom punched her in the shnoz, knocking her back. “Y-you punched me!”

“THAT’S IT I’M DONE PLAYIN’ AROUND!” Babs Seed shouted and jumped in to attack Apple Bloom, startling her and catching her by surprise. “THIS IS FOR UNCLE ROTTEN YOU PUNK!”

Strongheart placed her hoof against Babs’, stopping her before her attack could connect. Babs’ eyes widened as she struggled to move her hoof, but the buffalo’s limb was like iron, gripping tightly. “L-Leggo! Leggo of me!”

“You and your friends should leave.” Strongheart stated evenly. “If you try to hurt Apple Bloom again, I will end you. If you dare try to speak ill of her, I will destroy you. If you dare try to impede her life from this point forward, I will find you. Take your friends and leave us.”

Babs blanched in fear, turning to Snips. “Sn-Snips help me out here!” She froze as she saw that Snips was already dragging Silver Spoon away from the area, leaving Babs alone as she turned to the buffalo before. “H-heh..hehe...c-come on now, w-we didn;t mean nothin’ by it...I-I mean sure we laughed at you and called you a freak a-and stuff b-but it was just a prank, really!”

Strongheart’s eyes narrowed. “It seems I do not care much for ‘pranks’.”

Apple Bloom nodded, glaring at Babs. “Yeah, Ah think Ah agree.”

Strongheart let go of Babs’ hoof and the other filly turned and ran away at high speed, heading off as fast as she could.

Apple Bloom sighed as she calmed down. “Sorry about that Strongheart...Ah thought they were nice ponies, but nopony nice would EVER be mean to you...” She trotted to the card that been dropped to the ground, forgotten by most everyone except for her, turning to face the buffalo as she extended her hoof. “This is yours, AH think....”

“Actually...” Strongheart looked away with a blush. “It’s...it’s for you...”

Diamond meanwhile had been watching the entire scene dumbfounded, and now this final reveal made her collapse to the ground, a massive excited grin plastered on her frozen face.


--------------------------------


Some time later, finding someplace more quiet to discuss things, Apple Bloom and Strongheart sat beside each at a small pony, a large tree behind them.

“S-so...”Strongheart stammered nervously. “T-tell me...what do you think...?”

Apple Bloom turned to Strongheart, wide-eyed. “Wow...Ya...ya really been keepin’ all that in ya, all that time?”

The buffalo blushed and nodded, looking away. “Y-yes...i-it’s fine if you don’t share those feelings, after all, we’re both female and we’re not even the same species, but I just...I just needed to tell you...”

“Strongheart...” Apple Bloom said, wrapping a hoof around her dearest friend’s shoulder...before leaning in to kiss the buffalo square on the lips.

Strongheart’s eyes widened, her face bright red as her heart hammered in her chest. She sat there, frozen, for several minutes as Apple Bloom broke the kiss.

“Was...was Ah bad..?” Apple Bloom asked, uncertain.

“You...you mean...?” Strongheart finally said. “You...want to...date?”

Apple Bloom grinned. “Sure! Ah;m at least willin’ ta try, cause...well, yer card...well, it made me think about how Ah feel about ya an’....well, Ah’m not positive, but...back in Appleoosa ya’ll were there fer more, an’ ya been there fer me ever since, more than any of mah family has ever been so...shucks, ‘course Ah wanna date ya! Yer the most beautiful, wonderful pony Ah ever met...even if ya aren’t technically a pony. Ah’m sure mah feelin’s are just as strong as yers, an’ even if’n they’re not, Ah wanna try, cause...cause Ah think it’l make ya happy,an’ nothin’ makes me happier than when yer happy!”

“A-Apple Bloom...” Strongheart gulped, closing her eyes as she leaned down to kiss her most cherished person on the lips, a chaste, simple kiss. Apple Bloomed smiled as she returned the kiss herself, the pair pressing closer as they affirmed their newfound bond.

And over time, their love for each other would only...bloom stronger and stronger.


------------------------


Diamond Tiara grinned as she watched from behind the tree, giving the pair their privacy but wanting to watch just a little bit, her little shipper heart beaming in glee at the sight.

Now she just had to invite the pair to join the Cutie Mark Crusaders so they could hang out even more!


--------------------------


Applejack got up groggily, looking around herself...and smelling something from the kitchen. She got up and trotted towards it...and say the room covered in pancake butter, peanut butter and jam everywhere and toast on the ceiling. Apple Bloom, Strongheart and Diamond Tiara all smiled up at her.

“Sis! Me an’ Strongheart are datin’ now!” Apple Bloo cried out happily. “We saw ya were asleep or somethin’, so we decided we would make pancakes an’ toast ta celebrate! Whatcha think sis!?”

Applejack took a moment to record most of that to her memory, nodding dumbly as her eyes rolled back and she fainted once again.

She still wasn’t sure if she was going to be in trouble for making two minors work in her shop, either.