//------------------------------//
// Chapter 2 Who are You? 
// Story: Reborn-Transformers Prime Crossover 
// by Moonknight Shimmer 
//------------------------------//

Starscream's POV
The last thing I recalled was being chased by a wolf made of wood, than a blue an white pony, than inky blackness. As my senses came to me once again I could feel a dull thumping of pain on the back of my head. I could barely make out muffled voices talking, as my sense came back so did my hearing as now I could make out a couple of voices, all of them sounded like femme's voices. As my eyes opened I was blinded by the light of the sun in the room. But soon they adjusted to see something I never thought that I could unseen. 

In the middle of a round room was three other beings, their was the being I recognized from when the wolf was chasing me, I could now see clearly her white hair that in a neat bun, her dark blue coat and her fiery orange eyes but what was strange was a horn coming off her forehead. The two others in the room though seemed more shocking though.

The First was a slightly taller one with a white coat, flowing green, pink and blue hair with what seemed like finer on her neck and on the ends of her 'feet'. She had pink eyes but what was surprising was the fact that she had a long horn and wings, the other was the shorter one, she had not as dark blue as the smallest one but dark blue coat with a transparent and blue sparkly hair with teal eyes as well as a horn and wings and finer around her neck and 'feet' as well. But what caught my attention the most was the crowns place upon their heads. I than noticed the symbols on their upper back legs, the smallest had a snowflake that also looked like a flower, the tallest had a sun while the slightly shorter once had a moon surround by black splotches. Odd.

"I just found him like this Princess Celestia, I don't know what could have caused it." The smallest one said as she addressed the tallest, who now was known as Celestia.

"Hmm, very well Snow Blossom, but it is quite strange, what say you Luna?" Princess Celestia asked the slightly smaller one.

"We do not have an idea, tis most wise tho keepest an eye upon him?" Luna asked. Snow Blossom nodded in agreement along with Princess Celestia. 

"What am I, a pile of scrap?" I asked as the turned with a slight jump towards where I was currently laying. 

"Oh we are sorry my little pony, we didn't realize you were awake!" Princess Celestia said.

"Well I am now." I said with a scowl on my face, the three looked slightly perplexed. 

"Well, lets start with the basics, I am Snow Blossom, what's your name?" She asked with a cheery smile. I thought for a second, their names seem to be less, oh what is the word? Friendly? Nice? Ah I don't know but my old name would probable put red flags up for them so I gave it a second before a name popped into my head.

"Uh its Stargaze, Stargaze Dusk." She smiled as Princess Luna came from behind her.

"Tell us Stargaze Dusk, why where thee in the Everfree Forest alone?" She asked, I thought about it for a moment before deciding to play the card 'amnesia". 

"I actually don't remember, I just know my name. I don't remember anything other than being able to talk and my name." Princess Celestia and Blossom gave me sympathetic gaze but Luna gave him a suspicious glare but seemed to accept it for now, hopefully.  

"Oh you poor stallion, well since you don't know where you came from you may stay with us for now." Celestia said. I nodded my head in acceptance.

"As I don't remember anything, I'll need some one to teach me the basics." Blossom perked up about this.

"Oh! Like what?" She asked excitedly.

"Well, everything." Her smile grew even more. "I don't even know what our species is called or what I am or even how to run without tripping over myself as you saw earlier." 

"Well than you'll need a teacher, Snow Blossom-" Celestia was cut off by Snow.

"Yes! Of course I'll teach him! Eeee! I was the student once now I am the teacher." But than her face fell a little. "But who will teach him to fly?" 

"We will." Luna jumped in to the surprise of Snow and Celestia.    

"Are you sure my sister?" Celestia asked. Luna simply nodded her head in conformation. Suddenly a growl came from my torso. 

"Oh! Sounds like your hungry Stargaze, just sit here, you still need to rest after taking that hit to the head, I'll grab some food for you!" Snow Blossom said with a smile before she ran out of the room. Celestia chuckled at the young ponies response as she and Luna left the room. But before they left Luna turned and shot a mistrusting glare my direction, I gulped as she than left.

Well, Luna doesn't trust me, that's nothing new. But at least I fooled the others, but Luna could cause trouble, ahh I'll just have to gain her trust the long way it seems.