//------------------------------//
// Possibilties 
// Story: Many Moons Ago 
// by Kunama Windrider 
//------------------------------//

They arrived at Sugar Cube Corner out of breath and panting like rabid dogs. Luna wished desperately that she hadn't told them. She had actually wanted to talk to 'Moonie'. But if she hadn't, Twi and Fluttershy would have seen her talking to the Pegasus they so clearly hated. Luna wished friendship was as easy as everypony made out. She didn't want to disappoint any of her new friends, but it was difficult when you thought you were in love with a pony they avoided like the devil. Twilight led them inside, where two brightly coloured ponies were racing around. 

"Oh, hi, Twilight, dear!" cried the blue Earth Pony. She quickly grasped a pan in her teeth and ran over to the oven. "Bagels, dear!" she trilled at the yellow Earth Pony who came racing through the door.

"Hi, Mrs Cake, Mr Cake."

"They're coming, they're coming!" he cried, setting down his load of sugar, icing mixture, apples, sprinkles and other cake-making ingredients. "Hi Twilight. You've come at a rather bad time. We have too many orders." Luna remembered how on the moon she'd conjured ingredients for cakes and made them.

"I could help," she offered in her serene, gentle voice. Mr Cake stared in disbelief.

"Holy smokes," he whispered, "an alicorn." Mrs Cake bustled out.

"Well?" she demanded. "Get her an apron! The lady must be given the ingredients for-" She consulted a list. "- honeycomb-sprinkle madness!" She caught Twi's glance and whispered, "Pinkie's idea." Twi snorted in laughter. Luna adjusted the the apron around her slender waist and set to work.





By midday, Luna had baked five hundred and sixty-nine honeycomb-sprinkle madnesses.  She was allowed to take one("For we have far too many orders to spare more," Mrs Cake had told her secretly,) and decided they'd take it to 'Shy's for the slumber party. As they arrived at Fluttershy's cottage for lunch, Luna noted that there was a set of tracks leading to the cottage and away. She suspected they were Midnight Moonbeam's. She also saw the other ponies who'd escorted her to Ponyville from that dreadful station. The rainbow Pegasus, Rarity, the Earth Pony who she suspected was a farmer and Pinkie Pie.

"Hey hey hey, Twi! How are ya', Fluttershy? Had any parties lately, Luna?" cried Pinkie. Luna smiled again. One more unafraid of me! Yes. The rainbow Pegasus looked slightly hostile, but for once not to her.  It was directed towards Twi. Luna wondered if it could possibly be that the Pegasus had wanted to take her around. Then, rembering the events at the station yesterday, she thought it was as unlikely as Celly being murdered. 

A duck floated past on the little pond, and smiling at it, Luna noticed with growing horror her snake eyes, the narrow pupils dilating and her fangs. She screamed and stumbled back, only to trip and feel legs support her. She then looked up into the eyes of Moonie.