//------------------------------//
// Turnabout Flowers 
// Story: Flower Power 
// by blaa6 
//------------------------------//

As the curtains fell on the stage, the students participating in the play dissipated. “Hangups aside, that was quite a bit fun,” Rarity said, smiling at Applejack and Rainbow Dash.

“Heh. I totally saved it with my improv,” Dash exclaimed, puffing out her chest confidently. AJ and Rarity rolled their eyes and chuckled.

“Anyway, we should get over to that afterparty,” AJ suggested. As they started to leave, the curtain parted revealing Wallflower Blush, founder of the Gardening Club.

“Delivery for Rainbow Dash and the Canterlot Movie Club,” she announced. She was carrying three small bouquets and one large one. The first contained bellflowers with a pink rose at the center. The second held sunflowers with five roses in the center. The third carried orange tulips and orange roses in the outer ring with purple Lilac in the middle ring and a rainbow rose in the center. Finally, the final bouquet housed 20 rainbow roses and a single red rose in the center. All four gaped at the amazing bouquets. Wallflower gave the first to Sweetie Belle, second to Applebloom, third to Scootaloo and last to Rainbow Dash. Nobody had a clue as to who sent so many of them such beautiful flower arrangements.

“Who ordered these?” Scoots asked. Wallflower looked at them.

“They chose to remain anonymous...wait...there is one thing...two actually.” Wallflower took out two letters, handing them to Sweetie and Dash respectively. They opened them as Sweetie skimmed the note.

“Minecraft. Overwatch. TF2. Nintendo. I know who ordered mine!” Sweetie shouted as she looked at the edge of the stage, Button Mash was hidden(very badly, mind you) under the stage edge. Sweetie smiled. “Looks like I’ve got a date to the afterparty.” She ran over to where he disappeared. “See you at the party, guys!” Just like that, she was gone. Dash, AB and Scoots looked at each other. Dash looked over the note and started to read.

“I hope you enjoyed my present, girls. You must now follow the path to find my identity. Your first stop is the art room. You must find the DVD. Once you do, your next objective will be revealed. Don’t worry about missing the party. This shouldn’t take too long. Signed GT. Who is GT?” Dash asked. The other girls shook their heads to each other. Dash turned to AJ and Rarity, eyes filled with DETERMINATION. “Looks like we’ve got a hunt ahead of us, girls. You two, go enjoy the party. We’ll catch up.” AB and Scoots were clearly excited about the idea of adventure, even if it was just a game. The big sisters looked at them with a soft smile.

“Just be careful, you three,” Rarity warned. They left the gym through the back doors as the three headed to the art room.





The three walked through the empty halls, darkness surrounding them. “T-this is n-n-nothing. D-don’t worry, girls. I’m h-here to protect you,” Dash said, shaking. Scootaloo and Applebloom were walking behind, trying very hard to hold onto their poker faces. The odd ambience of the room gave the three goosebumps. Suddenly, a door slammed closed nearby. Scootaloo screamed, grabbed Applebloom and Dash’s hands, and ran with them as they neared the art room. Once inside, they all sighed with relief. Scoots let go of Dash’s hand, but noticed she also had Applebloom’s in hers too. She stammered awkwardly for a bit before letting go of it, both girls blushing heavily. Dash looked around the room, trying to find the DVD. AB and Scoots shook their heads and began to search too.

“Here’s...uh? I have no idea what this is,” Scoots said, holding up a crude drawing of Sunset’s face. Dash and AB looked at it.

“Pinkie Pie?” AB asked.

“Pinkie Pie.” Dash replied. Scoots looked at it and nodded her head. She put it down as they continued.

“A guitar, the periodic table, a huge apple, a muffin, a lyre and candy, a sunflower, and... Sonic the Hedgehog?” Applebloom stopped as the two turned to Dash. She rubbed the back of her neck in embarrassment.

“She said to paint what makes you happy,” she admitted sheepishly. “I mean Generations and Mania were really great.”

“Yeah, but he’s not been doing hot in 3D otherwise. I mean just look at Forces. Classic Sonic was so unnecessary.” Scootaloo argued. “The only fun thing was the custom- Hey! I think I found it.” Dash and AB came over. Scootaloo was in front of three paintings. The first was of an apple tree. The second was of a scooter. The third was of Rainbow Dash making a cute and seductive pose. Dash gasped.

“Whoever did this...They got my boobs right!” Dash said as she cupped her own huge chest. The H cup breasts bounced a bit and jiggled as they settled. “Usually, people make them a lot smaller...almost flat. I’m glad someone captured my raw sex appeal.” Dash smiled happily as she fondled herself a bit. The two club members just rolled their eyes as Scoots picked up the DVD which had a card attached. Scoots opened the card and started to read.

“The paintings look nice, right? Well, whoever painted them must love you three a lot. Your next stop is the A/V Room where you will find a player to play the DVD. The quest is almost over. I’ll be waiting. -GT.” Dash stops and snatches the card up.

“Who is this guy?” Dash asked.

“It could be a girl,” Applebloom suggested. Dash put a hand to her chin, thinking as they left the art room.





Dash opened the door to the A/V room, Scootaloo and Applebloom following behind. The room was very dark, with screens lining the room’s desks. They crowded around as Dash put the DVD in the player, which was right by one of the desks at the back. The screen faded into a censored figure. It seemed to be purple and orange.

“Can you tell me why you love Applebloom please?” Someone off-screen said. Their voice was distorted.

“Yeah.” The censored figure’s voice was also distorted. “She’s totally awesome. We’ve had some crazy adventures together. She’s so talented, nice...and pretty. Not just pretty...she’s beautiful. I love Applebloom so much.” Applebloom was now red as her own family namesake, her hands covering her face. The screen cut to another censored figure. This one was yellow and red.

“Can you tell me why you love Scootaloo?”

“She’s so cool. We have so much fun together. She’s so creative. She’s not what you might call “beautiful” in the traditional sense, but she’s beautiful to me.” Both club members blushed heavily.

“I-uh...” was all Scootaloo could say. Suddenly, the screen cut to another censored figure.

“Why do I love Rainbow Dash? Her personality for one. She’s positive in any situation. She’s loyal to her friends and school. She’s expendable. She cynical, but civil. She is opinionated and makes good points. She’s reliable… she and I share a lot of interests. Movies, cartoons, anime, video games... Not to mention she is the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. Not just her sexy curves and long, fluffy hair, but her overall beauty. Inside and out, she is pure beauty.” Dash was starting to sniffle as she teared up a bit, blushing just as hard.

“That w-was s-so sweet,” Dash said, tears streaming down her face. The screen cut to another figure.

“So, now that we know how we feel, why don’t we meet? I’ll be in the gym. See you then.” The DVD stopped.





As the three made their way to the gym, the three girls stayed silent the entire time. Each having a lot to consider. Who was the one that set all of this up? Who loved them? Would they love them back? These thoughts raced through their minds as they approached the double doors. Dash slowly pushed them in. The gym was pitch black as they entered.

“W-where are you?” Dash asked nervously. Suddenly, a stage light turned on, the three looked where it lead. There, on the stage, was a cloaked figure. In one swift motion, the figure removed the cloak to reveal a teenage boy. He had green skin with bright green hair.

“Hello. My name is Green Thunder. I was the one who sent Rainbow Dash her flowers and organized this whole thing,” he explained. The girls walked up to the edge of the stage.

“Wait...so does that mean...” Dash began.

“Yes. I love you, Rainbow Dash,” he admitted. She blushed heavily.

“So...you’re the o-one who said all those nice things about me...and you meant all of them?” He nodded.

“But I had some help. I may have wanted to show you how I felt in a grand way, but I couldn’t do it alone. Isn’t that right, Scootaloo and Applebloom?” Two lights shined down on the two girls. They looked at each other.

“You were in on this too?” They shouted in unison. They both blushed and looked at Green, slightly angry.

“Allow me to explain. I came to both of you in hopes of pulling off my plan. My plan to help you two get the girl you liked.” The two looked at each other, blushing.

“You feel the same way?” Scoots asked nervously.

“Yeah,” Applebloom replied. Both girls started to smile as tears streamed down their faces. They hugged each other before nervously pecking each other on the lips in an adorably awkward fashion. Dash let out a short laugh that brought them both back to the current moment in time. They both blushed and made her way to the top of the stage, eyes locked, hand in hand. “We’ll see you at the party.” They started to leave for the party room.

“Thank you!” they said together as they exited the gym. Dash turned to face Green once again.

“So, you set up this whole thing not just to tell me how you feel about me, but to also help those two get together?” Green nodded. She walked closer to him. “That was both romantic and sweet of you.” She grabbed his shoulders as she kissed him confidently. Green, in absolute shock, had his eyes wide for a second or two before he closed them, kissing her back. It felt like an eternity before they let go. “I need a date for the party. I don’t suppose you could go with me?” She reached out a hand. Green took it as they got off the stage and headed to the party room for a night they would never forget.