//------------------------------//
// Trust 
// Story: Many Moons Ago 
// by Kunama Windrider 
//------------------------------//

The train juddered to a halt, jolting Luna out of her despair. She clambered to her hooves, got her trunks and stepped out. She immediately shrank back, startled and hating. She slipped through the crowd to a clear spot to set her trunks down. Balloons bobbed towards her, streamers showered around her head. Getting up, she realized what a mess she must look. Catching her reflection in the glass, she saw the salt tracks made by her tears. Her dishevelled mane tumbled in wild heaps around her hooves. I must cut it, she thought vaguely, else it'll get too long. How long until it seems like Tia's? She growled quietly at the brightly coloured ponies surrounding her.

"Err...yer Highness, I'm Applejack..." The bright orange mare called 'Applejack' trailed off uncertainly. Still uncertain of me. I'm not Nightmare Moon! Applejack resumed her sentence after a few minutes. "And err... Well, really it should be ol' Twily here doin' the talkin'." I think she's a farmer. She has a country accent. The lavender mare stepped towards her.

"We would like to welcome you to Ponyville, hem hem, where we will help-"

"A simple 'Hi, Luna!' would have been nice," Luna interrupted quietly. The butterscotch Pegasus at the back flinched and Twilight glanced worriedly at her. Another Pegasus, rainbow this time, protectively crouched in front of her. Those two look very close, she noted. Running a hoof through her mane, she stood up. "May we leave? I don't like it here."





Luna hated the walk to Ponyville. There were stares from every direction and she felt the mistrust radiating off them. A mother drew her foal closer. And worst of all, all the ponies in her escort shot her suspicious glances except the butterscotch Pegasus, who avoided her completely, and Twilight. 

Twilight wasn't much consolation, though. She gave Luna encouraging looks every so often, but otherwise she looked straight ahead. Luna crept quietly up to her and gently encouraged conversation.

"Hey, Twilight," she said, "what will we be doing? In Ponyville, y'know? Like, is there a schedule?"

"No."

"Oh." They plodded on in silence. "What will we be doing, then?" Twilight seemed to relax a little. Luna sighed softly. She was getting nowhere.

"The whole point is for you to make friends, actually," Twilight's voice came unexpectedly. "We take you out, like a normal pony, and we introduce you to normal ponies." Luna smiled ruefully.

"It hasn't exactly worked so far though, has it, Twilight Sparkle? I mean, your friends-" She gestured madly at the air behind them. "-haven't exactly welcomed me, have they?" 

"No, not really, and please, call me Twi," replied Twilight. Luna felt her chest flutter. Twi! Not Twilight. Twi! Wasn't that a step forward in friendship?