> A Dragon's Tail
>  by edwinflores428
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Feelings Grow As Worlds Connect
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Alright Twilight, let 'er rip!" a male dragon voice yelled out as Twilight flipped a switch. Magic energy sparked around the magical mirror that connected Equestia to the first human world (Where Sunset Shimmer currently resides in), as Starlight, Jake and Melinda took cover behind a makeshift fort of books.

It has been a full week since Spike the Dragon, hero of the Crystal Empire, Equestria and the Dragon Lands, Fairy Tail S-class mage and son of Princess Twilight Sparkle have returned to Equestria after so many years of training. Now married to Melinda, with a clutch of eggs on the way too, he tries to refulfill his 'assistant' role with Twilight and their first big project together is constructing the Fairy Gate. A potential portal to the world of Magnolia in order to remove a massive time difference which was the main cause of Spike's elder growth. Using the portal to Canterlot High as a base, more intricate wires and devices have been replaced to the mirror portal.

"Let's hope we can get it to work this time." The dragon hoped. "I'd hate for Natsu to be as old as Makarov the next time I see him."

"You're telling me. I can't imagine Lucy all old and grey." Jake agreed as sparks flew form the makeshift portal.

"Have faith in the science of magic, boys. If I can build a portal to the human world, I can build a bridge to Fiore as well." Twilight spoke with a confident grin.

"Now if we can use the same concepts as the portal to Canterlot High that scroll Jake brought us would be the perfect medium to cross to that dimension~!" Twilight exclaimed as she fixes her goggles slightly.

"Twilight, are you absolutely sure this would work?" Starlight asked hesitantly as she has a hard hat on as she hides behind the makeshift fort.

"It's bound to." Twilight replied assuredly. "Our magic and Fairy Tail's share many qualities." She turned to Spike. "You know what I'm talking about, huh, Spike?"

The drake grinned back in response before Twilight presented the scroll she'd acquired from Spike's exceed. It was embroidered with the Fairy Tail crest and surrounded in magic circles.

"These kinds of runes will be sure to amplify the connection and build the bridge~!" Twilight exclaimed as she placed the scroll on the pedestal, replacing the journal that can message Sunset Shimmer, that is connected to the portal itself. A glass dome then seals the scroll on the pedestal. "And now to throw the switch~!!" and with a mad scientist-like grin, she grabs the lever and forces it down to activate 'The Fairy Gate'.

"It's working!" Spike's eyes widened as the scroll floated into the air before twisting and rehearing itself into a portal which commented to either side of the structure, successfully forming the Fairy Gate. Twilight smiled triumphantly as she admired her masterpiece.

"Success."

"And no explosion this time!" Starlight exclaimed as her little group came out from their little barricade.

"Now we just gotta be sure it works" Jake exclaimed as he walks up to the mirror.

The exceed poked his head through the mirror before he found himself looking into the Fairy Tail guild hall.

"It worked! I'm back in Magno-" his joy was cut short by a flying chair smashing next to his head causing him to duck back in with a yelp.

"Jake, what happened?!" Spike rushed to his startled partner.

"The mirror works." Jake began. "Though it looks like I checked in during the another brawl." Spike laughed as he took a look himself to see his guild mates wrestling from afar.

"Of course they would be." He smiled before pulling his head back in. "It works, Twilight. They all look the same as when I left. Though a week doesn't do much to your appearance."

"That equals a month right?" Starlight asked as she trots up next to Twilight.

"More or less" Melinda said as she carefully gets up, putting one claw on her back and the other on her belly. Spike immediately rushes to her side to assist her.

"I got you babe" Spike gently said as he helped her get up.

"It won't be long until you're ready to lay." Twilight smiled placing a hoof on the dragoness' tummy. "Not only am I an Aunt but I'll soon be a Grandma too." Her smile quickly fell to be replaced by a look of shock. She quickly rushed to a mirror and ran her hooves through her mane.

"I'm not that old am I?!" Spike laughed as he approached the alicorn.

"I'm the one who got older, not you." He reassured.

The gang laughed at Twilight's slight overreaction, in the meantime outside, the citizens of Ponyville were going about their day. Since Spike's return the tourist economy experienced quite a rise as visitors from across the land, including the Dragon Lands, had come to the humble town just to see if they could get a glimpse of the national hero.

Even now quite crowd had formed outside aTwilight's castle in the hopes of seeing Spike. This of course proved to be a bit of a headache for the rest of the Mane Six as they were currently trying to get the clamouring fans to disperse.

"We already told y'all! Spike's not having visitors at the moment!" Applejack shouted over the crowd.

"He's a very busy dragon! If you're his fans you should respect his privacy!" Rarity insisted.

"Please! I just want to thank him! I never got the chance to when he saved my Family during the dragon attack on the Crystal Empire." A mare in the crowd requested.

"Yeah and I never got to apologise to him when I thought he was dangerous!" Another pony pleaded.

"I understand you all want to pay your respects, but he isn't available right now, so please come back later." Fluttershy explained politely though it didn't do much to deter the begging crowd.

It was at that moment that a puff of smoke appeared between the Mane Six and the crowd which cleared to reveal Discord dressed in a crowd control uniform, complete with a megaphone and riot shield.

"ALRIGHT, YOU HEARD THE LADY! BACK UP! NOTHING TO SEE HERE! CLEAR THE AREA! I WILL NOT HESITATE TO USE THE HOSE, DON'T TEST ME!" the draconequus blared into the megaphone forcing the crowd to dissipate.

Many of the ponies covered their ears at the feedback coming from the blaring megaphone, including the rest of the mane 6 before the large crowd disappointingly dissipates trotting off to the rest of the town.

"Whew thank ya Discord, that's the 3rd crowd this week!" Applejack exclaimed as she scratched her ear, still reeling from the feedback.

"Oh it's no trouble, Applejack, mobs need a little force sometimes. You know I should really take up crowd control. I can annoy everypony and not get in trouble for it!" Discord grinned at the career consideration.

"Discord..." Fluttershy made a parental tone, a kind where a parent is about to scold and punish their child.

"Finee...only sometimes" Discord responded.

"Thank you" the pegasus mare smiled.

"now we can get back to work" Applejack huffed as she was about to trot off back to her farm, little did the others know was that she had a light blush hidden under her orange coat.

"Well," Rarity brushed her mane conclusively. "Now that that's taken care of, I'll be heading back to my boutique." The unicorn said as she trotted off. "Hopefully we won't have to shoo off anymore of those fans for Spike."

"Says the pony who ogles Spike whenever he so much as passes your peripheral vision~" Discord teased which immediately brought a reaction as the white unicorn freezes up stiff as an overstarched fabric. "Your stunned silence is most confirming." The trickster added with a grin, not needing to see Rarity's face to know it was blushing.

"W-well I must admit Spike has...grown in the time he's been gone. Even so, he is still our Spikey-Wikey-hunky-" she slapped her mouth shut with her hoof realizing what she had just said. "...Please excuse me!" She galloped away from the group back to her boutique.

"Hmhmhm." Discord chuckled. "It seems our dragon has stolen a heart or two."

"It's no secret that Rarity is now crushing on Spike...and Dragon Lord Ember too~" Rainbow Dash snickered.

"Ohh silly Rainbow, you're thinking too small~" Discord booped her snout, "I'm talking about 1 more pony our powerful friend had unintentionally wooed~"

Rainbow stared at Discord for a moment before she burst out laughing.

"Oh no, I don't have a crush on Spike, he's my Bro. I'm only asking him to hang out with me so often so I can teach him all I know about flying."

"I wasn't referring to you actually." Discord replied.

"Then who?"

"I'll give you one tiny hint~" He smirked as Rainbow and Pinkie PIe leaned forward curiously. "...Fruit~....au revoir~!!!" and like that he poofed back into his pocket dimension leaving a small mess poof confetti and fettuccine.

Ugh! It's never a straight answer with that guy." Rainbow Dash groaned.

"Hmm, his clue was 'fruit'. Who do we know associated with fruit?" Pinkie pondered before she gasped as a name came to mind.

"I got it!" She declared. "Rainbow, you thinking who I'm thinking." The cyan Pegasus chuckled.

"Yep. Honestly it should've been obvious to us."

"I know! Who'd've thought Berry Punch has a crush on Spike?!"

Rainbow could only facehoof at the Pinkie's 'deduction' "it's not Berry Punch Pinkie"

"It's not? What about Strawberry Sunrise or Carrot Top?"

"Pinkie...Carrots are a vegetable.."

"Are you suuuuure~?" Pinkie leaned up to Rainbow muzzle to muzzle.

"You're missing the point!" rainbow shoved the pink pony back. "It's Applejack!"

"Whaaat~? No way, how would AJ have a crush on Spike?" Pinkie laughed doubtfully.

"Pinkie Pie does make a good point Rainbow, we never really seen Applejack do anything for a special somepony" Fluttershy stated.

"True. But then again, Spike has been the only guy I know she's been closest to." Rainbow rebuked. "He did save her life from a king sized timber wolf with just a rock."

"back when he was a baby though!" Pinkie exclaimed.

"Pinkie remember, if anything Spike was 12 back then...he may had a baby dragon's body but his mind was already in his teens" Fluttershy countered.

"Plus he's always been pretty mature. For the most part." Dash added

"Exactly...plus I think we should let Applejack alone so that she could settle out her feelings. Spike is married after and is about to be a father" Fluttershy stated as she begun to trot home.

"Well, I'm heading home myself. Got a big day of flight lessons tomorrow." Rainbow said before dashing off in burst of color.

"And I have another party to plan, Melinda's baby shower~!" Pinkie Pie squeed as she bounced away to SugarCube Corner.

Meanwhile, as mentioned, Applejack was trotting back to her home/workplace of Sweet Apple Acres. Her heart is been beating a lot harder once she left the area of Twilight's castle and he blush seemed to have intensified.

"Sheesh, I dunno what came over me there." She muttered to herself.

In the week since Spike has returned there were moment where she couldn't stop thinking about him. Sometimes it's how much he has changed, other times it picturing his muscular body and other times it was his honest, loyal, kind, generous personality. Heck to her, he perfectly captures the Elements of Harmony in one drake.

"Hey, Sis! How are things with Spike?!" She looked to see Applebloom running up to her. "I haven't seen him since he came home from Fiore, how is he?

"Oh hey sis, well he an' Twi are working on that 'Fairy Gate' thingy" AJ replied as she arrived back home

"Really?! That's great! Then we'll get to see Natsu, Lucy and everyone else again!" Applebloom cheered. "Man Spike sure has come a long way."

"Yeah...he sure has."

Applebloom took notice at Applejack's tone, "Hey sis? Are you alright? you seem a bit different today"

"Who me? No, not at all." Applejack waved her hoof. "Just a little tired from handling those fans pestering Spike is all."

"Are you sure? Cause it looks to me like-"

"Well I'm goin' to catch some Zs. Call me when dinner's ready." Applejack said before she hurried off.

Applebloom stood curiously as she watched her elder sister practically gallop back home. "...somethin' seems mighty suspicious of her" She rubs her chin in suspicion.

Lastly, over at the Carousel Boutique, Rarity is in her room blushing furiously as she paced around. Opal meows lazily and curiously as the cat watches her master pace around.

"I shouldn't. I know I shouldn't feel this way. It isn't fair to Spike or me."

She paced and paced before throwing herself on her bed, "UGGH!! Since when did this become so difficult?!"

"Rarity? Is everything alright?" The unicorn looked to see Sweetie Belle enter the room.

"O-oh, hello Sweetie Belle." she sighed since her outburst was quite loud. "No I am not fine to be frankly honest."

"Aw, what's the matter?" The filly asked.

"Well you see...I'm feeling a little...conflicted shall we say." Rarity replied.

"About what?

"About Spike" she admitted.

"but didn't you admit to Ember that you were interested in making a....what was it again...a 'herd'?" Sweetie Belle asked.

"Um...well yes but..."

"But what?"

"I thought i had more time to settle my feelings. For Spike he's been gone for over 7 years and already he's about to be a father!" She exclaimed.

"Well it might have been seven years for him but for us it hasn't even been half that." Sweetie Belle replied. "But I get what you mean about him coming back this different than when he left. It's a lot to take in, for all of us."

Rarity sighed, "thank you my dear sister but I do believe I need to think things out for my self for a while.

"Ok. But just know I'm here if you need me." Sweetie Belle said as she gave Rarity a quick hug before trotting off.

"heh....when did you get so mature Sweetie Belle~?" she smiled before attempting to distract herself by sewing.

"It's part of growing up." The filly winked back as she trotted off leaving Rarity alone with her thoughts.

Returning back to the castle, with the Fairy Gate completed, the inhabitants goes about their errands with Melinda curiously building a form of nest...made up of torn pillows and bed sheets as Starlight watches curiously.

"Soooo I'm assuming that the maternal dragon instincts are kicking in?" she asked the dragoness

"Yes. It won't be long before I lay my eggs. They'll hatch in about five months." Melinda replied as she padded around in the nest to see if it was deep enough.

"So...how does it feel?" She asked curiously.

"Honestly, it's both magical and pretty heavy~" the dragoness pats her swollen abdomen.

"Does it...hurt?" Starlight asked cautiously. "I know giving birth is a painful process for ponies but dragons lay eggs."

"I suppose you could say the laying is the closest thing we have to that." Melinda replied. "It's uncomfortable, but it's not too bad. Dragons have to be alert after laying in order to guard their eggs so the laying isn't so strenuous."

"Meaning?"

"Spike is about to get very very protective when I'm close to my due date" She strokes her belly as she then laid back on one of her pillows, she glances to Starlight and smiled "would you like to feel~?"

Starlight, ever the curious unicorn, gently placed a hoof on Melinda's tummy and closed her eyes before suddenly opening them when she felt several small heartbeats.

"Whoa...I can feel them~" Starlight said in awe

"That's motherhood~" Melinda smiled as she sighed remembering when she first told the news. "When I first told Spike that I was pregnant he was frozen for a few minutes before rocketing out of the guild shouting the good news. He even accidentally broke into Magnolia castle to tell the king the good news....though we had to pay a hefty sum to make his bail." She giggled. "Erza sure gave Spike a good scolding~"

"Yeah and I have the scars the prove it." Spike said from the other end of the room.

"What?!" Twilight squawked.

"Kidding, kidding."

Starlight could only stare at the drake, "It's hard to believe he's the same baby dragon Twilight's been telling me about"

"I know. I still remember how I used to carry him on my back all the time." Twilight reminisced as she glanced at a framed picture depicting the event. "And now it's the other way round."

"Tell me about it, it feels a little weird nowadays. But...it just feels so good to be back home~" He grinned.

"Well you know what they say; there's no place like home."

"Couldn't have said it better myself~" Starlight nodded.

"So tell me about this war you and the guild fought in." she then asked eagerly.

Spike and Melinda looked at each other and smiled, "Well I guess we'll have to start when Natsu and his team came back from a village full of giants~"

And thus Melinda and Spike began their long story of their experience in Magnolia, unaware that as they told their tale, a certain light blue unicorn towing her cart arrived on the outskirts of Ponyville. She takes a deep breath as she mentally prepares herself for this grand return to Ponyville.

"Look out Ponyville...the Great and Apologetic Trixie has returned~"
