//------------------------------//
// Prologue: Just Changed and Arrived 
// Story: Gazelle's Equestrian Tour 
// by Wayward Shadow 
//------------------------------//

Random Idaho city apartment

“Try Everything,” The television sang as the movie on it, Zootopia, ended.

With a sigh, the apartment renter ejected the DVD and switched to Netflix. “Now it's time for my second favorite thing,” he muttered to himself as he chose 'My Little Pony’ to watch.

The man was truly a jack-of-all-trades kind of fan...that is to say, he’s a furry, a brony, and has a liking for blueberry inflation. So, anthro ponies and other anthro animals getting into inflation hijinks of one kind or another were his thing.

After watching a few episodes of MLP and the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory movie, it was 9 pm. The television was turned off and the bronyfurry began to clean up and get ready for bed. As soon as he stepped out of the bathroom in a robe after a shower, he heard a knock on the door. “Now who would be here at this hour of night,” he thought out loud. He checked the peep-hole to see no one there, but he could barely make out something under his vision.

Cracking the door open, he found a brown wrapped box with a tag that read, “To: current resident of apt#xxx. From: Anonymity Inc.” The bronyfurry carefully examined the box, checking if it had any form of “triggers.” While he knew that bomb-mail was possible, he didn't believe it to be probable. Even so, considering the strange sender and the fact that he did not order anything, he still wanted to be sure. After finding nothing, he picked it up and brought it inside. After cautiously shaking the box, it was then opened and the contents carefully laid out on the main room floor.

It was a fursuit of Gazelle from Zootopia, with additional undergarments, a white tank top, a pair of jeans, and faux leather purse, all of which were designed for the suit, not the wearer of the suit. Fascinated and downright ecstatic, the furrybrony decided to try out the suit now instead of waiting for the next day. With the full costume on, he found that the costume fit perfectly, if not a bit snuggly. It also seemed practically spot on with the movie depiction, with expected deviations to allow proper fit.

By the time he was done modelling himself in the suit, it was close to midnight. So, in an act of laziness, he decided to go to bed with the costume on. As soon as his masked head hit the pillow, he was out like a light. As he slept the suit began to shrink and began to fuse with his flesh and bone, eventually shifting his body to match Gazelle exactly. After a few minutes sleeping as Gazelle, he, or rather she, began to glow lightly and seemed to begin to phase out of reality until she was no longer there.



Equestria, Canterlot Castle Gardens

Princess Celestia, against her former student's and the other royals’ request, managed to schedule an entire week for her and the other princesses to rest and relax after the Storm King’s invasion. It was understandable for them to worry about the welfare of their subjects, but the thousand years that she practically ruled Equestria solo allowed her to rework the Equestrian government so it could run without her or any other princess’ supervision. Of course, this induced slight annoyance from her sister, an apathetic sigh from her niece, and a full blown panic attack from her former student. Such thoughts brought a smile to her face.

“Your Majesty Celestia?” Her new bodyguard, Tempest Shadow, asked as they walked the gardens. “What's with the smile?”

“Oh, just personal pranks involving my fellow princesses. To think that what most would find unpleasant, my former student finds hard to live without,” Celestia giggled.

Tempest smirked as well. “Give her time. She’ll get used to-" A bright and sudden flash interrupted her, causing her reflexes to kick in, opening her collapsible bo-staff and getting ready to face...a sleeping gazelle.

Both Princess and Bodyguard were confused. The gazelle in question was sleeping on a literal bed of moss. Said bed was on a wooden frame and had a woven grass pillow and a blanket of flowers, all of which were alive. After a few moments of looking at their sleeping guest and each other, Tempest quietly said, “If this is a Sleeping Beauty kind of thing, I'm not kissing her.”

Celestia had to hold herself from laughing at her comment. “I don't think that will be needed. A simple scan and moving her to a guest bedroom will suffice.” Her horn glowed a golden color, shining a similar glow over the sleeping gazelle and the living bed. A gasp from Celestia cut the flow of magic and she put a hoof to her heart. Tempest gave a look of concern and Celestia answered the unspoken question. “She's sapient and bipedal, like us, but she isn't a full gazelle. She is a nature sprite. A weak one, but by pony standards, her power would rival Princess Twilight when she was a unicorn.”

“I'm picking up something subtle when you said her power would rival Princess Twilight's,” Tempest pointed out.

“You are right. She holds the power, but lacks any knowledge or experience to use it,” Celestia explained. “If anything, the living bed she is sleeping on is just an unintentional or subconscious use of her magic.”

Tempest nodded, pretending she understood most of what was said. “So...take her to a guest bedroom and after she wakes up and is given the ‘Grand Welcome,’ a brief medical check up?” Celestia giggled and nodded. Tempest groaned and gently picked up the gazelle to bring her inside, and the bed seemed to reverse in growth until there was no hint of it being there.



Equestria, Unknown Location

“Hmm...that gazelle doesn't seem like the bundle of chaos that Anonymity Inc. said she would be, but hay, looks can be deceiving. After all, too much chaos and I'm in trouble with ol’ Sunbutt, Moonbutt, Lovebutt, Sparklebutt, the Manebutts, Glimbutt, and Scalebutt...and now with saying all of those joke names, ponies and readers will start thinking that I'm obsessed with butts. Ugh, I can't get a break can I?”