> the adventures of Blue Light
>  by Rafrpt
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> chapter 1 the beginning of my adventure
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Another boring day of Vic Uni I am going to the train station after a boring day of Vic Uni and after I get off my stop I take my car back to my house but when I got to my house there was people dress in black with bullet prof vest and black helmets with assault rifles I new that they must find me a threat because I know to much and they are going to get rid of me. I look behind me and i was surrounded by cars that with the same people and they where aiming there guns at me and there was only 2 things I said "god dammit" and then I was getting rapidly shot at. God dammit all I wish is to be in the MLP world because I don't wont to have a boring normal life I just wish that my wish came true god dammit.





All I could see is blackness and I was confused, what why am I not a spirit!? wait I am getting feeling back but I thought spirits didn't have feeling all well I guess spirits do have feeling well lets try opening my spirit eyes I open my eyes and it looks like I am in some kind of ally but I fell wired so I look at my self but what I saw shocked me I have hooves so  I look for some kind of reflection. I get up on my hooves and start to slowly walk out of the ally so I can get used to walking on four hooves, when I am out of the ally I see a lot of ponies flying and walking on what looks like cloud and that when it hit me, I am on Cloudsdale in the MLP world awesome this is the best thing that has happened to me I wonder what timeline I am in

I look at an adult and at me, huh looks like I am a kid I wounder how old I am I don't rely now how long a pony lives for so I should ask a pony how old do I look like and how long a pony lives for I walked up to a pony and asked "excuse me I was just wondering how old do I look like?". 

The pony looks at me and said "well if I would how to guess I would say about 6 years old why do you wont to now and where are your parents?".

Ok maybe they live as long as humans but I must make sure that they do "how long can a pony live for?".

He looks at me weirdly and said "um why do you wont to now?".

Then I said "I just wont to now so pleas can you tell me?".

And he said "well ponies can live up to 150 years if they are healthy so back to my question were is you parents?".

Wow that is even better then humans cool but what should I say hmmm I look at a shop and then a idea came to me "oh my parents are in that shop it was nice talking to you by" I start walking away to the shop after I was close to the shop I look behind me and see that he is gone so I walked to the window and look at my reflection I had light Blue fur, blue eyes, have dark blue and light Blue strip mane and I had wings. Wow I look like my OC except I am a kid, well looks like I now what I will name myself, I will call myself Blue Light.

Ok so how am I going to get food and water and I would need some where to sleep hmmm I think for a while hmmm I don't won't to be adopted so the only way I am going to get a place to sleep is to find a abandoned place to live and to get drinks and foods is to steel them, I am already a great at being sneaky so it shouldn't be hard to steel stuff My mind made up I start searching.

I start walking very slowly so I can get used to walking, while I am walking I am geting odd looks from the ponies and then a mare comes up to me and asked "are you lost, do you know where you parents are?"

hhmmm What should I say there isn't any shops near by, what I could say that is my house and walk to it but it has to be a far back so that I don't get there quickly so she won't see that I lied to her "oh well that is my house back there so I better get to my house so goodbye" I satrt walking to that direction after I get close I look back and she wasn't there Ok there are so far just houses where I am but not one looks abandoned hmm this might take a while, what there is a stallion walking to me GOD DAMMIT!

"Hello there are you lost are your parents around?".

Ok I will say the same thing I did with the other one "my house is down there so goodbye".

The stallion said "what I will walk you to your house".

WHAT god dammit I've got to think of something "oh um that's ok I will be fine on my own trust me I have walked through here a lot but thanks for asking goodbye".

The stallion said "ok well goodbye".

Thank god this is getting annoying, ok I've got used to walking it isn't as hard as people may think so when a pony starts walking to me I will start to run away or is it galloping? and I start to search again then after a while this time it was a mare and a stallion so I start galloping away I trip a few times but I got away probably because they where confuse but I start shearching again. 

I think I found a place that is abandoned it is a house so I go and see if it is abandoned, once I am in side I called out to see if there is a response but there was non so I look around.

After I looked around for awhile there seems to be nothing inside, no food, no furniture, no nothing but walls, a roof, a sink that doesn't work, a place where you can make your food, a bathroom but the shower and toilet that doesn't work and a sink that also doesn't work, there are bedrooms that has nothing but a closet inside with nothing inside. Well there isn't any thing in this house but there isn't much choice, ok once the sun goes down I will sneak in a house and steel foods and drinks and if I can get a blanket and a pillow so it is better to sleep here. 

I whit until the sun goes down and then whit for a couple of hours and hopefully it is around midnight and then I head out, then my belly growled shot my belly might get me court, well lets hope it doesn't I looked around there is no pony out so I go up to the closest house and look though the window to see just darkness, it seems that they are in bed so I check if the window can be open but to my disappointment it couldn't be opened.

hmm I don't think they would have their front door open but maybe their back door is open, it is worth a shout I go around to their back yard to their back door and I put one of my hooves on top and the other underneath and try to turn it dam this is hard how do those ponies do it, come on just a little more, yes it is open I have to open the door slowly so it doesn't make a noise.

I quietly trot to the cabinets and quietly and struggled to open one there were cups so I kept looking then I found bread so I used my teeth to carry the bread and went out the door quietly then galloped to my place and put it down this is going to be tricky I have to find a better way to carry things but for now I will have to go back and forward dam this going to be hard I probably should use my morning and afternoon times to train to carry things like a plastic bags with my hooves and to train to move more better and be more sneakier and I will train to be flexible and stronger, well this is going to be more weird to do Parkour now that I have hooves well challenge accepted.

So with that thought out I go back to the house and go to the fridge and there was carrots and lettuce in plastic bags so I grabbed them both with my teeth and take it back to my place and go back to find something to put water in so I quietly go to the hallway there are doors but one was open I take a pick and it looks like a laundry room and I saw a bucket so I grabbed the handle with my teeth and go to the sink and put it in the sink but then I thought I should look for a pillow and blanket before I put water in just in case I have to make a quick getaway.

I go back to the hallway and quietly open the door to my left there was a pony child sleeping peacefully so I quietly close the door, I keep this up until I find one that just has pillows, blankets, bed sheets. Bingo I wasn't sure it was going to have a pillow or blankets but it is my lucky day, now I just need to grab a pillow and a blanket put it on my back and then put water in the bucket and grab it's handle with my teeth then get back home, it's good that I have grate balance it will make this easier.

So I put the pillow and blanket on my back then I go back to the sink and start putting water in the bucket hoping the ponies don't hear me after I am finished and the ponies still asleep I grabbed the bucket with my teeth and start to go back to my place. After I get to my place I drink some of the water and eat a bit then I go to sleep with my new pillow and blanket, when it was morning I start doing my training and practicing to fly when it became night time I steel food, I keep doing this for a week and I was getting really good at it but after that week there are now guards and it is making it harder for me but I manage.

Today it was the 32nd and I have gotten really good at flying and ponies are saying that there is a colt with stuff every night so they think the thief is a colt. For some reason the princess is in Cloudsdale maybe she is looking for the thief which is me but I won't get caught but anyway I am having a break so I am going to fly around and that's what I did I was flying around and doing tricks, it was a clear day so I took a break on one of the streets that has a bench and sit down on the bench and think I just started to steel bits from the nobles sins the nobles are all stuck up here I will steel from them so I start to go to school at Cloudsdale's Flight School but now they have started hiring guards it will make it harder to steel from them.

But while I was thinking I failed to notice that the princess is trotting down with guards with her and when I notice there is a shadow over me I look up and there is Celestia looking at me god dammit I didn't see Celestia going down this street I was too focus in my thoughts, of all the streets to go down it had to be this one.

"hello there my little pony where is your parents?" the princess said

I thought to say her name but not the princess part because I now she want's some ponies to act like she is a normal pony so I said "hello Celestia my parents are over there" I point to a couple that is walking down this street "so I need to catch up with-" the princess interrupted me

"don't worry little one you don't have to lie to me but I must take you to your parents because there is a thief out here" the princess said

Shoot what should I say she some how knows when I am lying there is nothing I can say shoot I have to get out of here and dammit she is now looking at me suspiciously "well it was nice to meet you but I have to go now" I start flying away






Celestia's POV


Celestia watches the colt fly away "follow the colt I believe that he is the thief when you find where he is living report to me immediately"

The guards salute and say "yes princess"






Blue Light's POV


Ok I should make sure that Celestia doesn't make her guards follow me, it doesn't hurt to be cautious so I go down to the crowd and look behind me and I was correct there are guards close to me ok how to lose them hmmm oh I know I when a group goes past behind me I will move with them so it is like I disappeared to them, ok this will hopefully work

I keep trotting and waiting for my chance to arise and after a while my chance is here, a couple walks behind me and I put my plan to action, I change from walking forward to walking left beside the couple and the couple looks to me in  confusion and I just look to them and smile and I look back and see the guards looking for me ha you think I haven't done this before well I think I have enough excitement for one day so I start walking back home and not flying because it's to make sure the guards don't find me.






Celestia's POV


Celestia is walking down the street with two of her guards and then she saws the colt from before going in an abandon house and Celestia looks to her guards and said "wait here"

her guards salute "yes princess"

Celestia trots to the abandon house and goes inside






Blue Light's POV


I lay down on top of my blanket while another blanket is on top of me with my head on top of my pillow my rest today was ruined by Celestia god dammit my god dam luck well oh well looks like I wi__ I was interrupted by a cough and I jumped out of my bed and look at the intruder and it was Celestia what how did she find my place I was sure that I lost the guards but how?

"you are probably wondering how I found you"

I said "yeah I would like to know"

"I just happen to be in the area when I saw you going into your living in"

god dammit just my fucking luck god dam what did I do to deserve this "now that I am home just like you wanted you can go now Celestia"

Celestia frowns "so may I ask where is your parents?"

I said "I did have parents but I no longer have parents and before you say anything they didn't die or abandon me or  disappeared and don't bother looking for them because they are not here or anywhere they might as well be dead"

Celestia frowns even deeper "you don't have to do this by yourself you could have loving parents to look after you"

I said "I don't need parents I can look after myself and plus I couldn't love them like they love me it would be better if I did this on my own"

"you are the thief aren't you"

well I can't lie she would know if I lied to her well there is nothing I could do but to tell the truth "well looks like you found the thief now what are you going to do now"

"well you only steal food until you steal bits from the nobles, why did you steal from the nobles?"

I said "are you kidding me they are all stuck ups and they got so much bits and they keep it all to there self's and not give some to ponies who need it more I mean there are probably some nobles that are good ponies but the ones I stolen from are not good ponies"

Celestia sighed "it maybe so but it doesn't mean it is right, I can tell you are a good colt so pleas let me help you" Celestia smiles at me

the smile that Celestia gave me make me fell safe and some how comforting wow the fanfictions I've read about Celestia's smile is true it does make me fell safe and comforting and loving like a mother I said "well there is one pony that I could love as a mother but first you have to guess my riddle and only than I would let you help me and if you don't agree then I will don't accept any help" and I meant what I said, I wait for about 2 minutes before Celestia speaks again.

"Okay what is your riddle"

I said "I'm red and loved by everyone but I am with you and everyone and I am not physical, can you guess my riddle." I wait for about 5 minutes before she said.

"That is a hard riddle and I think I have the answer but I could be wrong so here is my answer Love"

dammit she got it right, well I am a man well stallion of my word "well the answer that you gave me is correct so now what"

"well I am intrigued to who you could love like a mother?"

I said "well aum arrr well I don't really want to say." 

"please I want to know because it would help me help you so please tell me."

I said "w-well um y-you" Celestia had a face of shock.






Celestia's POV


h-he could love me a-as a m-m-m-mother....... well I always wanted to be a mother and he treats me as a normal pony, yes a mother I would be a mother






Blue Light's POV


I am waiting nervelessly for about a minute before Celestia smiles warmly and said

"I would love to be your mother how about it would you like for me to be you mother?"

I-I could be C-Celestia's son I-I not know should I, I mean she makes me safe loved but I am a thief "I would love to be your son but I am a thief and how would everyone fell that the princess has adopted a thief" Celestia looks at me and smiles at me.

"what thief I don't see a thief all anypony will see is a colt and no one has to know that you are a thief"

I said "well in that case I would love to be your son and by the way my name is Blue Light"
